Sees Symbol of New Era in Secretary Woodin
-Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press:
To me Secretary Woodin is a symbol of the revolutionary character of the whole Roosevelt episode. He is the sign of a "new era" of personal naturalness. Or, put another way, the symbol of a new brand of showmanship.

Hoover's trouble was not wholly the fact that he lacked the spark plug of direct action, or that he was the standard-bearer of an archaic political philosophy. A part of his trouble was he was acting a part foreign to his temperament. He was acting like he thought a president ought to act, instead of acting like himself.

Lincoln's secret was in being himself-a subtle form of consumate showmanship. Roosevelt has the same knack.

To date, the public psychology regarding the election of a president has been a curious and a devious thing. As a people, we have insisted on camouflaging our presidents. We have made them play the part of a composite, that composite being the personification of whatever the mass hopes and aims and aspirations of the moment might be.

Considered realistically, the president of the United States has no business being anything but a consumate politician-an honest and a sincere one, but still and nevertheless a politician. For the simple reason that the business of the president is politics. Lincoln was a great president and a great politician.
4
But we dared not think of Wilson as a politician-he was a great teacher, the great idealist! Hoover couldn't be considered as a politician-he must be the great engineer; Harding wasn't a politician-he was a great Elk. We insist that our presidents be qualified for everything on earth but the job of president. We project our own desires and ambitions into the living person and make him the symbol of what we, ourselves, would like to look like, act like, do and be. It's a mild form of mass lunacy:

Hoover was the symbol of the stuffed shirt era the false front, the mastermind and superman era. All of us were symbolic, in some degree, of that era. We classified ourselves into types. Our financiers looked and acted and talked like financiers were supposed to look and act and talk. Business men had to be brisk, curt; their interests had to be golf, Rotary, poker and bad whisky; their literature, Dun's reviews; they had to be a bunch of tough babies-he-men with hair on their chests. It was fatal to admit a weakness for poetry, music or pictures. A city editor or a subway guard who liked grand opera would be thought queer enough to get a writeup in the New Yorker.

Mr. Woodin-stamp collector, musician, art collector, poet, financier and industrialist-is the most colorful symbol of a change in the public psychology. He dares to be himself. He finds it not only desirable, but safe, to assume no pose. And parenthetically, a banker or a business man would be a better man in his job if he were a musician or a poet, for the reason that poets and musicians strike a nice balance between vision and realism.

Business men as a class have
more hope than vision. They are unable as a class to recognize facts, and rarely know what to do with them when recognized. Your waffle-iron maker for example, recognizes the fact that more waffle irons are being made than there are people to use them but he keeps on making them, hoping that out of all the waffle irons made, the majority of the people will buy his brand and enable him to prosper.

Your musician or poet, on the other hand, won't write a sonata or a poem that someone else has already written; and in constructing his poem or sonata, he recognizes and utilizes facts. He knows precisely how many feet it takes to make a line of iambic pentameter; the musician knows that a half note can't be made to serve the purpose of a whole note or that a flat will do instead of a sharp. A poem of a musical score represents facts, that a musician or a poet is realistic enough to handle.

Given a banker or a business man, with executive ability, plus the -imagination and the ability to deal with facts that are possessed by a musician or a poet, and the result will be a real contribution to society.

Maybe now, with the "new era" in swing, business men and bankers and editors and financiers will be able to take off the grease paint, and do themselves and society a lot of good by being themselves-by giving their vocations, professions and businesses the benefit of the whole of themselves, rather than just a part of it.

The past two decades have been the "new era" of the plug hat and swallow-tail coat; of bombast, deviousness, pose, of indirection and strut.

The new "new era" is going to mean perhaps, that we can conduct business simply, rather than "lunch over it"-that we can be frank and direct; that we can enjoy our hobbies and tastes without feeling that we are out of character with the thing we are supposed to represent. All of which, probably, represents only the idle thoughts of an idle fellow who ought to be more profitably employed-in short, that I am being myself!

FROM A FRIEND
OF THE PARKS

To the Editor of The Preas
J. H. S.
Cleveland's magnificent park system is largely the outgrowth of a conscientious effort of the Chamber of Commerce and some of the city's leading business men to put the unemployed to work during the depression of the nineties. Today thousands of the youth of our city can be found during recreational periods where would still be the tin can dumps of old, had it not been for the determined efforts of public spirited citizens.
Enterprising allotment operators eagerly sought and developed all adjoining lands where now live the
great bulk of our inhabitants, and the total increase of real estate values, as the result of the creation of these park areas has been almost beyond comprehension.

Now comes the "Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association" in an effort to stop further work upon our metropolitan park system and if they succeed, almost immediately there disappears a source of employment for thousands of men. Does it not follow that by reason of the expenditure of money in this direction suburban real estate will, in the end, take on a much higher value and produce more revenue for the community.

It has been the writer's privilege to have been familiar with Cleveland's park development and to have attained some knowledge of its resulting public benefits. Around the present metropolitan park management radiates a splendid effort to enhance the beauty and livability of our city. The influence of our garden clubs for general good cannot be overestimated. The excellent daily letters of Donald Gray in The Press, I find are universally read and have created the general spirit for thousands of gardens als ready in the making.

It is the writer's opinion that it would be a public calamity were we in any way to curtail the work throughout our metropolitan park system and a mistake to remove the one easy opportunity to put many unemployed to work where the returns would be so large as demonstrated since the nineties.
Elmer B. Wight,

WHY NOT HIRE
SOME DEPOSITORS?

To the Editor of The Press:
I read about the cost of liquidating the Standard Trust Bank in The Press of March 10, and I would like to know if the liquidation is to the interest of the depositors or the liquidators? Why not hire some of the depositors to draw some of the fat salaries that are being paid before the money is all gone? It would seem to me that the liquidating could be carried on in a rental much less than $15,000 a month when some of the depositors haven't even 15 cents, and are depending on the Associated Charities for aid. Instead of carrying this on indefinitely why not exercise some of the spirit of action that Franklin D. Roosevelt is showing in Washington,
Mrs. Mark Aylor

BILLS AND
OTHER BILLS

To the Editor of the Press;
Do as I say, not as I do, should be the slogan of Mayor Miller as he advises the Oleveland Illuminating Co. and the East Ohio Gas Co. to reduce their rates. These rates are reasonable in comparison to the water bills that I receive. I have complained about the increase but to no avail. Mr. Miller, clean your own house first and then lead the way.
Harry W. Stark
