MR. STINCHCOMB EXPLAINS PARK TAXES

Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press: I am herewith submitting certain facts with reference to tax levies authorized for Park District purposes.

A published article referred to reports a meeting of "The Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association" at the Statler Hotel, in which unanimous action was taken, asking the Legislature to support a bill repealing sections of the statutes, which, it is alleged, empower Metropolitan Park boards to make tax assessments without applying to the Budget Commission.

There are two provisions in the park laws by means of which, park districts may obtain tax funds. Section 2976-10 authorizes park boards to make application to the Budget Commission for a levy which cannot exceed one-tenth of 1 mill. This levy comes within the 15-mill limitation and is subject to revision and review by the Budget Commission. In no Park District in Ohio has the Budget Commission of the respective districts ever allowed the full one-tenth mill. In the Cleveland Metropolitan Park District for 1932 and 1933 the rate allowed has been .05 of a mill.

The other provision for tax levy is contained in Section 2976-101, which permits park boards to submit to the electorate, the question of authorizing a levy which at no submission can exceed one-tenth of 1 mill. Money so obtained by voted levies, is used for capital investment in land and permanent improvements. Levies approved by the Budget Commission may be used for either operation or capital investment.

From the foregoing, it is apparent that the strictest kind of control is exerted on park levies. In the first place the maximums allowed are the lowest maximums provided in the statutes for any political subdivision and in the case of the general levy, it comes within the 15-mill maximum limit and is subject to control by the Budget Commission. In the case of the voted levies, it is limited to a maximum of one-tenth of 1 mill at any submission and is controlled by the electorate itself.

Based upon present tax duplicate, it was estimated when the budgets were approved in January, that a full one-tenth mill levy would provide about $155,000. It is apparent that this is now not likely to exceed $100,000. On the other hand, it was estimated that the .05 of a mill authorized by the Budget Commission would amount to approximately $76,000. This, by reason of probable delinquencies will be correspondingly reduced to not in excess of $50,000,

It might be interesting to investigate the personal motives actuating those in signing resolutions by this association

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
when we should keep our heads cool and our feet on the ground and every effort should be made to prevent the development of hysteria which might result in actions which would be greatly regretted when the present crisis clears.
A
W. A. Stinchcomb, Director.

A SOCIALIST ANSWER
TO GERMAN CONSUL

To the Editor of The Press:
In your issue of March 4 Mr. W. Friebel, acting German consul of Cleveland, states that the Social Democratic newspapers in Germany were suspended due to the fact that such papers had lately consistently
undermined the authority of the government. We wish to take exception to this statement which is at utter variance with the facts known to all impartial students of the political situation in Germany.

The Social Democratic newspapers were suppressed together with a great part of the Catholic press, which certainly cannot be accused of being revolutionary, for the reason that they upheld the German Constitution and opposed by legitimate means the terroristic government which stands today revealed before the world as guilty of the darkest crimes it pretends to fight. The burning of the Reichstag, in spite of denials of Mr. Friebel, was apparently a clumsy trick of the agents of the present government. Since the time of Nero, who burned Rome in order to throw blame on the Christians, there is no deed of political provocation more outstanding than this burning of the Reichstag on the eve of the elections to German Parliament.

We condemn the terrorist government of Germany for its brutal suppression of all opposition and declare our solidarity with German Social Democrats and all German workers fighting for political-freedom, social justice and international peace.

Newman Jeffrey, Secretary
Socialist Party of Cleveland.

THE TROUSER
SUIT CURE

To the Editor of The Press:

Marian Parson, in reply to my recent criticism, states that she did have on her thinking cap when she advocated trouser suits for women as a cure for the depression.

It is said that 2 per cent of the people own 90 per cent of the wealth of this country. If this is correct, 98 per cent of the people have little or no purchasing power. Consequently it is absurd to assume that a probable buying factor of 2 per cent can overcome a positive sales resistance of 98 per cent.

Moreover, the women of this country who have wealth have not been waiting for the ballyhoo of some sales drummer to buy what they want or what they like. These women usually know what they want, why they want it and, when they want it. Furthermore, they are very choicy in their tastes and carefully avoid adopting anything that the "common" women are going to wear. As for the latter class of women, as stated, they have no money; in fact, most of them have already bought more than they can pay for.

Even, were all women on a basis of economic equality and had sufficient available funds, the substitution of one style of garment for another could not produce prosperity.
would make others poor. Don't we well remember the conflict between rayon and wool? Some wood fiber spinners became affluent but sheep raisers and wool knitters went to the wall. We now have artificial silk mills in Cleveland, but where are Wooltex and others?

My advice. is, that women become sensible and self-conscious and no longer permit themselves to become the victims of fashion mongers and other exploiters of their sex, all of whom are operating for private gain and have not in yiew the public good.
J. Manlet
2658-Queenston road.

ROOSEVELT'S PICTURE
IN EVERY WINDOW

To the Editor of The Press:
As a happy gesture and for the psychological effect it may have, I would suggest that the newspapers of Cleveland cause to have printed a window size picture of President Roosevelt. Urge all readers to procure one for display in their windows for a period of 30 days. His performance to date is sufficient justification for some gesture, and it may react to strengthen the morale of his cabinet in its battle against the terrific forces arrayed
against the
Why not also urge the organization of symposiums in every high school class in the city to discuss, analyze, yes even memorize that masterful oratorical effort President Roosevelt's inaugural address.
M. J. McGure
8116 Dorver avenue.

WE NEED
OPTIMISTS

To the Editor of The Press:
How many people have said during the last 10 days-what's wrong with the world? The depression has been discussed by people from the standpoint of banks, business, money, plutocracy, World War, produce and politics but did they ever stop to think that they themselves might have something to do with it? Their mental attitude toward the affair means much if they would only stop to think seriously about it.
State laws or Roosevelt's decrees alone cannot pull us through. We need optimists, not pessimists.
Pause a while and think seriously, earnestly and conscientiously. I don't mean mourn around in sackcloth and ashes but just occasionally really concentrate on the subject. Pretty soon, the world will take on a new slant: You will be able to understand matters more clearly. You won't have to repeat gossip and hearsay, you will be able to think for yourself.
You have heard the saying- "Look up and not down; look out and not in"-that's what I mean.
O. K. America, we'll show them.
Virginia M. Miler
