Reader Calls Three Cheers for President Roosevelt
Letters to the Editor-

To the Editor of The Press:
Three cheers for President Roosevelt! He has been in office for only a short length of time but has accomplished much and has gained the confidence of the people in this country. He was not afraid to state his ideas and plans and at the same time he succeeded in them.

I listened to his radio talk Sunday, March 12, and I thought it was given in a very clear and concise manner. Subjects concerning banks were explained so simply that practically anyone could understand them. He has moved swiftly in his methods to clear up the banking system and at the same time has restored the confidence of the people in the banks. Once more we will be able to entrust our money in the banks without the constant fear of not being able to receive it back.

The president's wife has also shown a wonderful example to the country. She has been constantly by the side of her husband and has tried to aid him to the greatest possible extent.

A great many of the people appreciate the things that are being accomplished by the president and are only too glad to co-operate with him. Here's hoping that he will be able to lead us out of this financial difficulty we have fallen into and show us the good and prosperous times again. Josephine Masar.

OPEN LETTER TO
GOV. WHITE

To the Editor of The Press)
Gov. White:
As a man who in the face of bitter opposition insisted that you as a candidate be accorded the same indorsement by the Cleveland Federation of Labor as your rival and af that time few, Democrats had the courage to do that in what was then a Republican stronghold, I am now writing you in behalf of the small home owners, believing them to be in need and deserving of clean-cut, businesslike aid, when the men and women of America are engaged in a bitter struggle with circumstances over which they are powerless, being against a stone wall of unemployment.

How far will you go in their behalf? Is there any possibility of a moratorium for those with a large equity, men and women who have proven their thrift and industry by years of regular payment, until the dykes gave way and this flood of unemployment swept all before it?

May I mention to you also the damnable injustice of Ohio's deficiency judgment, compared to other states, in a crisis like the present, in an emergency like the present. which is greater than that of war itself, recognized as such by Roosevelt-asking for and receiving wartime power under wartime act.

These are extraordinary times, and unless our executives meet them with extraordinary measures, the reaction to millions of home owners who are now wondering what possible meaning the word equity has to a home owner will be phenomenal and perhaps startling to the world. Already the Small Home Owners' Federation has had a wonderful growth, passing the 10,000 mark here in Cuyahoga county, although thumbed down by the Cleveland Federation of Labor, just as unemployment insurance was until I took the bull by the horns and appointed a the first committee.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx F
with the farmers of the west mak-ing it an organization of far-reaching and ever-growing influence.
With every confidence in your sincerity and desire to serve, I am writing you for a frank statement of what you can do for the home owners of Ohio.

John McLellan
Delegate to the Home Owners'
Central Committee.

CHECKING ACCOUNTS
AND SAVINGS

To the Editor of The Press:
When you participate in the profits of any venture by the same token you take the loss. However, the banks in the case of a checking account charge for what they claim are costs. Yet notwithstanding the same is put in the class of a savings accounts.

I see no reason, legal, logical-or otherwise for taking my money upon which I paid storage, handling, etc. (monthly service charge), and treating it as other money where the depositor didn't store his money but rather invested it in the bank's brains.

A checking account is money stored by the bank's own contention so why hold on to our property? Savings accounts, certificates of deposit, etc., are investments and as such are subject to risk.z

We pay to have our money handled and still can't get it. Sure is a joke.
H. Williams.

OBEY THE LAW,
SAVE MONEY

To the Editor of The Fress:
A few days ago Heywood Broun stated in his column that the government should economize and should begin in the Prohibition Enforcement Department. He also stated he objected to having his favorite speakeasy raided by federal enforcement officers. I wonder if he knows that if it were not for Heywood Broun and others like himself the government would have no need of prohibition enforcement officers, and that would be a great economy.

If Heywood Broun and all other people would obey all laws, much money would be saved for the government. It is too bad that we cannot have a law observance campaign and urge people to obey all laws.
A. E. Schwind.

HATS OFF TO
CROSSER

To the Editor of The Press:
I resent your attempted criticism of Robert Crosser in your editorial entitled, "Hats Off to Bolton." Mr. Crosser has an unimpeachable record of 18 years in public office and he has done nothing to be ashamed of. Any of the congressmen could easily be swayed and led and forced to follow the leader, when it was either that or lose the political plums they could get for their friends. But not so with Bob Crosser; he stood on his own initiative, plums or no plums, and voted his own convictions. That is what
takes courage and backbone. He has done what he pledged himself to do for the people, not for the National Economy League, big business or the politicians, I have no doubt that he will continue to take the same stand in 'the future. Being able to follow his own convictions and using his own judgment is what has made Bob Crosser what he is and will continue to make him. Hats off to Bob, and may he put in many more years of publie service.
Joseph J. McCord

WANTS DAMM FOR
SAFETY DIRECTOR

To the Editor of The Press:
I read with great interest the article appearing in The Fress of March 14 relative to filling the post of safety director, which is to be vacated by Mr. Merrick.
Your article mentioned the name of Adam J. Damm for the post. The appointment of Adam J. Damm to this office would certainly be a good move on the part of the Democratic organization and would partially repay Adam J. Damm for his 20 or more years of faithful and tireless service to the Democratic organization and the interest he has shown in the fulfillment of all his political obligations.
I have spoken to many people regarding the rumored appointment of Adam J. Damm, and their sentiments are the same as mine.
Harry T. Hoffman

A LEGIONNAIRE'S
BRAVE DEED

To the Editer of The Press:
Regarding vast reports of our late beloved Mr. Cermak's assassination, you are familiar with even such details as the stomach pains of Zangara, the rat.
The world's papers did not mention one pain, which Zangara developed in a hurry. He still clutched his little smokemaker when a man-sized fist socked him, and zingo-Zangara was flatter than an ele-phant's arch.
One foot behind the fist was the owner thereof, a tin-helmeted legionnaire from the drum and bugle corps. Hé, like any ex-service man, was taught over there, "In case of doubt, do some one sensible thing." Now comes the practicing of the Legion's slogan: Who can deny that the knockdown was "for country"? e
In the next flash, the Legion group surrounded and saved this same rat from justly enraged citizens. Who can deny that was a godlike act? Hence, "for God." That great organization of yours-and mine-has a slogan, part of which reads, "For God and Country, in Peace and in War." An excited reporter yelled, "Who struck him down? What's the legionnaire's name?"
He got a quick answer from that great gang: "Aw, hell; just tell 'em the American Legion hit him.".
Jack Wells
Lakewood American Legion,
Post 66.
1
C
U
t
C
