William Hense Paints Mayor Miller's Family Tree
Letters to the. Editor-

To the Editor of The Press:
The part Mayor Ray T. Miller played at the St. Patrick dinner gave vent to the assertion that his ancestors came from Ireland. To terminate the speculation I did a little investigating and found that he is neither of this origin nor-as was also claimed-of Holland Dutch or Bohemian extraction, but that he is originally a German that is German as the grandson of a German immigrant could be under the circumstances. His mother is of pure Irish stock.

The grandfather was Joachim Mueller of Defiance, who came to Ohio in the year 1850. Before his emigration he lived in the village of Moellenbeck near Grabow in Mecklenberg-Shwerin.

Poverty was the general lot of the rural Germans in those days, and the Mueller family fortune was not exceptional. Joachim Juergen Mueller had married Dorothea Elizabetn Krueger and was struggling to maintain his young wife and two children. Many Germans were emigrating to America at that time. The emigration after the revolution of 1848 was the biggest of the century. So Mueller joined the throng of emigrants and settled in Defiance, where the original Mueller-American homestead still stands.

In America. Mueller, a sturdy and energetic man, prospered beyond anything he might have hoped for in the fatherland. He became a lumber dealer and teaming contractor of parts.

Four more children were born, one of whom was Martin Edward Mueller who in turn became the father i
of the mayor.

Martin Edward grew up in De-
fiance and married Ann Riley, an
Irish girl, who is identified today as
the handsome gray-haired woman,
seen frequently with the mayor and
Mrs. Miller-the mayor's mother.
The old German family name, had,
however, changed to the English
"Miller," long before the mayor's
father left the paternal roof to found
a home of his own. And thereby
hangs a tale.

Joachim Juergen Mueller's busi-
ness was growing in the years when
picneer communication and trans-
portation in Ohio was being devel-
oped by the old canals. The elder
Mueller needed a boat to navigate
the canal between Toledo and Cin-
cinnati, and hired a ship-building
contractor to build her.

The contractor turned out to be
an excellent ship builder but a
pretty poor speller.

On the day the new boat was
scheduled to make her first voyage,
it was discovered that she had to
have a name.

"Name her Joachim," the owner
said. "That's my Christian name."
"Joachim," the contractor mused,
"what's that?" He had never heard
the name nor did he know how to
spell it.

Left to his own devices, and his
employer not being handy to be con-
sulted, the contractor just printed
"J. Miller" on the boat's prow. The
ship's papers had to be made out
and signed by the proprietor whose
name was allegedly on the prow.

The. Mueller business under the
English name very soon became
known as "J. Miller," and Mueller,
being a practical man as well as a
staunch German, let it go at that.
little dreaming that the incident of
the shipbuilder's bad orthography
would someday be retold when a
grandson became mayor of Ohio's
largest city.

William Hense.

HONOR TO ALL
GOOD MOTHERS

To the Editor of The Freas:
L
"Mrs. Otelia Compton made doc-
tor of laws by Western College be-
cause she reared three famous sons"
was a very rare news published by
this paper some time ago.

This distinction may not mean
anything at all. But it is a chal
lenge of the recently propounded
idea that respect for mothers is just
another "sentimental slush."

We attach sentiment in the mak-
ing of great men and women. We
honor great men and women for
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
order to induce others to strive for
the same high ideal

Now, why are some people against
respect and honor of good mothers
is a puzzle to me. Don't we need good mothers? If so, why not encourage them in this difficult job just as we do in case of great statesmanship or scientific pursuits of high standing.
Yes, some bad mothers take advantage of it for their selfish purposes; but so do some other unscrupulous men and women in other fields of human activities. These are comparatively very few and it is almost impossible to eradicate them altogether.
The time may come when the state will take care of children and we shall not need especially good mothers. But at the present and for a long time to come yet we must help every mother to become a really good mother. For general happiness' sake let us give credit to all good mothers! Frank Junkar E. 40th and Hough avenue

DON'T CLOSE
BLOSSOM HILL
To the Editor of The Press:
I wonder why Mayor Miller wishes to close Blossom Hill. It is true that expenses should decrease. but to take from these 75 children the splendid training that such environment and supervision is indelibly painting upon their futures is a serious thing.
Recently I visited this institution and visited with supervisors and girls. The Welfare Department should be proud of its accomplishments and endeavor to continue this training,
When one considers the money spent on tobacco for our workhouse inmates and other unnecessary trivials it is hard to realize that such a place as Blossom Hill should be sacrificed. Phyllis Hamm
2060 Brown road.

RUSSIA AND
DISARMAMENT
To the Editor of The Press:
Your editorial of March 20 under the heading of "Recognize Russia Now" is decidedly correct and to the point. News reports bring us the good news that the new administration is seriously considering the move that you suggest. In this connection I should like to emphasize to the readers of your paper two points in the above mentioned editorial which, in my opinion, shows the liberal policies so often manifest in the Scripps-Howard publications. First, "Russia is the only nation which has officially offered total disarmament."
Regardless of the brickbats thrown at the Soviet government
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
far superior to that shown by any other nation so far.
John L. Bloss
3998 Elmwood road.
