VIGOROUS PROTEST AGAINST BURLESQUE CENSORSHIP
Letters to the Editor-

To the Editor of The Press: Questions are in order regarding the recent censor of our new burlesque houses.

Why is it that a few sob sisters who find enjoyment in a funeral parlor govern the pleasures of the majority. I have attended a few of the shows and from my experience I can say that I did not see any traps or nets around the entrance to ensare any unsuspecting hypocrites. Look back a few years to 1918. We had the same thing then and the outcome was that long-nosed individual who spells his name with a capital "P." Why don't these so-called upholders of righteousness stay at home and put black glasses on their tom cats? They would do the community at large a greater benefit. F. H. Richardson 3333 Erin avenue.

HARRY L. DAVIS,
OUR OWN PERSHING

To the Editor of The Press: If a foreign country would declare war on the United States who would be the man chosen by the government to lead our vast army? Common sense would tell us that your answer would naturally be Gen. Pershing. Why? Because he has proved his capability as a leader in time of war. On the other hand, should The Cleveland Press make a query asking the entire body of Cleveland citizens whom they would consider the man best qualified to be given the great responsibility of guiding a large city as Cleveland, without a doubt a man like Harry L. Davis would be chosen. He has proved his integrity, intelligence, honesty and loyalty to his fellow citizens of Cleveland..
Mrs. L. Palmer
3435 E. 142d street.

NO PERMITS
TO VIOLATERS

To the Editor of The Press: Unless beer dispensing permits are allotted properly they will be handed out to the favored few and of course many of these will prove to be violaters of the 18th amendment.

It would seem to me that no one should be granted this favor unless he is a citizen and only if he has never been arrested for a felony of any. kind. This would keep the business in the hands of legitimate people.
H. L. Allen

NO PERSONAL
INTERESTS

To the Editor of The Press: The Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association was organized as a "property conscious body" interested only in the welfare of the 125,000 overburdened taxpayers in Cuyahoga county. None of the officers of this association are public office holders or candidates for public office and none have political affiliations that might hamper or deter the best interests of this association. One of the chief interests of our organization is to urge strict economy in government. It was with that view in mind that we passed a resolution limiting the power of the Metropolitan Park Board as stated in a bill sponsored by Senator Smolka.

In a letter, purported to be an answer to our resolution, W. A. Stinchcomb, director of the park board, suggests "personal motives actuated the passing of this resolution andsuggests an investigation in this regard." In direct answer to Mr. Stinchcomb, the Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association invites Mr. Stinchcomb or any other proper citizen or civic body to fully investigate either the personal motives of the officers of this association or the sponsor of the resolution. We cannot help but feel Mr. Stinchcomb's attitude is an arbitrary one. We appreciate Mr. Stinchcomb's service in the interests of the Metropolitan Park plan and further we may state that this association is fully in favor of the maintenance of the Metropolitan Park system, but we insist that there is a great need for drastic economic measures in the operation of that system.

The resolution was introduced by Mr. Harvey R. Snyder, Cleveland attorney and prominent leader in fraternal organizations. He has no personal motives in presenting the resolution, but is to be admired for his fine public spirit. Mr. A. T. Felton, our president, and Mr. Karl Witthuhn, our treasurer, are both interested in farming and the flower business and both are strictly in accord with the best interests of the park plan.

We hope and suggest to Mr. Stinchcomb that he investigate the purpose of the Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association before making his decision as to the "personal motives involved in the presentation of this plan." We do recommend to Mr. Stinchcomb that he reduce the salaries of the officials of the Metropolitan Park Board in accordance with the times.

It is not the intention of this association to indulge in personalities and we wish to state that the Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association has no personal grievance as to the operation of the Metropolitan Park Board by Mr. Stinchcomb, and the recommendation made was in the spirit of our efforts to devise plans wherein strict economy can be practiced in the operation of our government.

The Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' Association,
A. T. Felton, President.
John C. Haefele,
First Vice President.
Karl K. Witthuhn,
Secretary and Treasurer.

PRAISE FOR
MR. SEIPLE

To the Editor of The Press:
Please accept my thanks for the backing you and your paper are giving the State-City Employment Bureau. Mr. B. C. Seiple and his associates have in my opinion been rendering this community a highly beneficial free employment service for the many thousand clients in all the various labor classifications. I understand he reduced his budget from $26,000 in 1931 to $14,000 this year without cutting service.

I know many individuals who have secured results from this bureau and it is my sincere hope that you and your paper will continue to oppose any attempt to
close the State-City Employment
Bureau. Expansion of this bureau
and more employer patronage is
what we need today.
George O. Coolidge, Registrar
La Salle University.

WOMAN, THE
PURSUER

To the Editor of The Press:

Mr. Ordinary Hubby writes you urging wives to try courting husbands. He is ages late. Women have pursued men and wives have courted husbands since history was first recorded.

Modern economic freedom, so called, as well as modern ideas of equality, have only modernized their methods of pursuit and their skill in courting.

The fundamental drive motivating women toward men is a sense of security. This security may change in form and degree from generation to generation. It may even change in individual women during their lifetime, but it is always security against something that haunts their lives. True, some women are able to successfully-combat their individual specters. Others are fortunate enough to capture the demon of insecurity in their youth. Still others change their fears resulting often in the desire to change the man who was specifically selected to quell the prior fear.

Of course, women advisers advocate that type of procedure which will make it appear to dumb men that the woman is actually the object of pursuit. This is only necessary because men are too vain merely to accept her for what she is. They must win her; they must overcome her resistance artificially produced, in order to satisfy themselves that she is worth while. If he doesn't have to struggle to get her she is not worth while. So she aptly makes him struggle when all the time she knows that the only purpose of the struggle is to convince him that she is worthy of him.

If he employed just a little common sense he would observe that her inherent qualities do not depend upon the tactics employed by him to demonstrate that he is the only one. It is said that common sense and love do not mix. Just another myth which usually explodes after marriage. If common sense is possible after marriage it has more reason to exist before marriage. The modern girl differs only from her grandmother in her willingness to forsake indirect methods of pursuit and courting. But she is pursuing and courting as she undoubtedly always has.
Philip Schoenberg.

IT WASN'T
THIS ONE

To the Editor of The Press:
Recently there appeared in this
column a letter about checking and
savings accounts which was signed
by H. Williams. I did not write that
letter.
Henry Williams
24191 Detroit road, Bay Village, O.
