How the French Scaled Down Their Debts
Letters to the Editor-

the Editor of The Press: At the end of the World War, rance discovered that her national ebt had risen to the equivalent of 80,000,000,000 against a gold deposit in her vaults of $2,090,000,000. France aced the facts. She realized that mployment, bread and butter and helter were more important than etaining her former valuation of gold.

She revaluated her gold ounce in me ratio of five to one. She legis- ted that gold, as far as she was oncerned, was five times more val- mble in 1930-than it was in 1914. The declared that a frane was five anes less in value. This meant that ne $80,000,000,000 of the French na- onal debt was automatically de- eased in the same proportion. To- ay it represents in modern Ameri- an money the sum of $16,000,000,000, he fifth of what it was formerly.

Thirty-six of the 37 nations en- aged in the World War practically ollowed the example set by France, ther by legislation or through ne- essity. We alone have refused to value our gold in spite of the fact mat public and private debts amount the staggering total of $235,000,- 10,000 against a gold deposit of ap- oximately $4,500,000,000. In the face
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ny nation. You will now naturally sk how this move on the part of me French government affected her asiness and employment. The rench ambassador says that as of ctober 15th, 1932, there were in rance only 251,083 completely out f work; those with partial work ambered 12,203. The total popula- on of France is 40,785,874. If this oportion held true in our country ere would be only 750,000 unem- Dyed instead of the 12,000,000 which e actually have..

I am firmly convinced that before escape from the throes of this pression, we will have revaluated gold dollar, banks, financiers and pitalists to the contrary. By this do not mean, as our friends would ve you believe, "inflating" our rrency until it begins to shrink in lue, but I mean "normalizing" our rrency so that a 1929 debt can be id with honest 1933 dollars and t with dollars whose buying power s reached the unheard of peak of lay. The constitution of this untry invests in Congress full wer to legislate the value of cur- ney and the sooner they take steps
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
very.

I am sure that if all the people o are interested in seeing "better hes" return to us, would urge their agreesmen and senator-to-support Ed revaluation, we will get some ick action in the right direction.

J. J. Levy
16726 Miles avenue.

WHY NOT
VAP CHECKS?

the Editor of The Press: With the co-operation of the nks as an extraordinary measure - an extraordinary condition, I no insuperable reason why thefollowing plan cannot be carried
out:
Suppose A has money in bank. The bank cannot at present cash his check. Suppose A, owing B, or seeking cash of goods from B, draws his check, payable to B. The bank co-operating, certifies this check, confirming that it owes A the money. A delivers the certified check to B. who, having faith in the certifying bank, accepts it, delivers it by indorsement to C, who, with like faith. accepts it, and so on. A $10 check thus circulating could discharge $1000 of aggregate obligations in a short time, even as currency can do. These checks are as good as the currency, assuming that the certifying banks ultimately redeem them, which is sure enough for trading purposes, if, as is claimed, the best banks of Cleveland are solvent.
If these banks are solvent, and if the public believe they are solvent (which faith would also help to keep and make them solvent) this plan of course would work, and working, would bring tremendous relief to the present paralyzing situation.
Cornelius Maloney
1413 Williamson Building.

THE CRADLE PHONE
OVERCHARGE

I wils one of the nist users in the city of Cleveland of the cradle tele- phone, installed in my office the first part of 1927. The installation charge was $5.00 according to my records, and the initial monthly charge was 50c. I protested this 50c charge, immediately to the Public Utilities Commission and evidently others in the state did likewise, for the commission compelled the com- pany then to reduce its monthly charge to 250.
I have written to the Public Util- ities Commission from time to time. urging that after a person has paid the 25c charge for a certain length of time, the charge be discontinued. This is the only fair and proper way to handle this matter, but so far as I can see the Public Utilities Commission is deaf as a post, and does not deal with the problem put up to the commission in this matter.
- From my correspondence with the commission, it seems to them that this rate on the cradle phone is wrapped up in the entire rate struc- ture and regulations of the com- pany, whereas, it is obvious that it is not. The sole question is whether an equitable charge is being levied E upon the people of this state, and I L say that the present charge is ex-
For over six years I have paid 25c a month for the cradle phone con-s venience, or a total of something E over $18.00 plus an installation charge of $5.00, which brings the total to an amount that would pay for several of these cradle phones very readily. I have referred to the commission the fact that in the t District of Columbia the cradle phone was installed in 1931 on the
bbasis of a cash payment of $4.00, or a payment of $4.50 on a time basis. The Public Utilities Commission compels the telephone company there to get its charges down to a reasonable point. On the basis of the charge at Washington I have paid for nearly six cradle telephones in the past six years.

I feel our chief obstacle is the supineness of our Public Utilities Commission. Why should the telephone company worry when all it has to do is to tie up its rate structure case before the commission for six, eight or some such unending term of years? Why should people pay taxes to support such a commission?
John F. Robb
Hanna Building.

SWAT THE RICH?
FORGET IT!
To the Editor of The Press:

After the candid admission by Mr. Charles E. Mitchell of the New York National City Bank to a Senate committee the other day it seems incredible that anyone will be so naive as to assert that the United States government can ever raise an appreciable amount of money by means of a tax upon large incomes-by "swatting the rich

He frankly confessed that he had
xx xxxxxx
his $25,000 a year salary in bonuses on stock and bond deals during the three boom years, 1927, 1928 and 1929. This money was simply given to him by the National City Co., a company formed and manned by the National City Bank to deal in stocks and bonds in a big way. He explained that this system of compensating him had been inaugurated because of his "low" salary, compared to those given "private" bankers, and Committeeman Couzens, senator from Michigan, asked him if he believed it to be a good system. Banker Mitchell promptly replied, "Yes, I feel very strongly about it."

And then, but only after persistent questioning by Mr. Pecora, the counsel for the committee, he disclosed the measures he employed in 1929 to evade his income tax. They were exceedingly simple. He merely sold stock in his bank to his daughter at a "loss" of more than $2,500,000. After the day for declaring his income had passed he bought it all back!

Of course Mr. Mitchell is not an exception among the considerable group of American citizens who obtain incomes of that size and in that manner, nor can it be argued
ing the income tax, efficient as it
surely is, is the only one in vogue
among these people.
So, in making its estimates of the
money the government can raise
from various sources to balance the
budget, Congress would do well to
just forget all about the rich and
turn its attention elsewhere.
Kay Jackson
Norwalk, O.
