Asks Support for Vegetable Garden Projects
Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press:
It would seem to me that our governor and législators, in their frantic haste to save the banks, by the passage of bank bills of last Monday, apparently again forgot the "forgotten man." But not only that, they forgot local governments, and the inability of political subdivisions of our government to function without money.

It would seem to me that our governor could at least have recommended, or some one of our numerous legislators suggested to him, that, if such bills as proposed by him, which were without debate enacted into law, whether constitutional or not, carry in them a provision that would authorize county treasurers throughout the state to take in payment of tax obligations, orders or assignmens of saving deposits in banks that are allowed to operate under the bank bills, in payment of taxes, etc., and that such assignments for such tax purposes shall first be paid, before other withdrawals are honored by, said banks. This would have meant that millions of dollars throughout the state would already have been made available to the government subdivisions of this state, and it wuold have meant that the bills would have in them some semblance of relief for the depositor, and not solely relief for the banker. Our relief agencies and government units today would not be in choas. Fred P. Soukup
702 Engineers Bldg.

WANTS PARKS RUN
BY A COMMISSION

To the Editor of The Press:
I have been following Mr. Gray's articles and note with interest his suggestion in the Feb. 11 issue of The Press in which he urges a commission form of administration for our park system.

I cannot conceive of a more worthy project in which The Cleveland Press could interest itself than that of assisting to organize the public mind to effect this change in the city government. With Mayor Miller proposing to utilize so much of the relief fund he hopes to obtain, for the employment of thousands in park improvement, the subject of parks becomes of greater importance than ever before.

Under the present setup the investment in parks will continue to be a political football with the public and their parks on the short end. The record of the handling of the parks for 20 years has been one of mishanagement, ignorarice and neglect. When we have had a sincere employee, he has been so dominated by the spoils system and political grandstanding that he has been unable to function. Under such conditions the use of additional funds in the parks, much as they are needed, will only add to political spoils.

Under the present setup thousands of the unemployed can be effectively employed in the parks, but If they are put to work faking up and burning every leaf and stray bit of organic material and we do not replace this natural fertilizer, the depreciation of the parks by the injury to trees and shrubs and permitting the erosion of the soil from the slopes will do irreparable damage. This is only one of the many ways in which our parks have been abused.

Yours for a square deal to the parks, to the persons whose generosity made them possible and to the public who supports them.
Charles F. Irish, president
American Society of Arborists.

BACK TO
BARTER

To the Editor of The Press:
Permit me to express my views on the subject "back to barter." I believe this movement once organized and spread over the country could bring about the greatest prosperity we have ever known. Since some communities already boast tanneries, coal mines, refineries, co-operation with farmers and so on it would be Just as possible to maintain foun-

We've already gotten accustomed to these things, they were created by labor. Communities could be linked up from coast to coast, from the north to the south. I'll go as far as to say that trade between nations could be worked out. The dangerlies in the fact that this movement
would lead to a split nation, part of
our country would still follow the
gold standard, the other, of course,
would trade between themselves by
the medium of labor.

Once labor learns how nicely it can
do without money, as we now know,
nothing but a miracle will induce
them to go back to it and why
should they? We work a few years
to obtain the necessities and com-
forts of life, we think we're all set
to enjoy life and along comes old
man depression, sweeps everything
from under our very nose and where
are we.

I'll admit there is much to be
worked out in this idea, but there is
a saying that where there is a will
there is a way.
J. Homolka,
3387 E. 65th street.

JUST A DROP
IN THE BUCKET

To the Editor of The Press:
This discussion of the 25-cent
charge for cradle phones amuses me.
It is really just a drop in the bucket.
How about making just a little fuss
about the charge on extensions and
extra bells? There are two of us in
this office, necessitating two phones.
For the extension we are charged
$1 per month, and for a bell 25c.
This has gone on now for over seven
years, making totals of $21-for the
bell (some bell) and $84 for the ex-
tra phone. Just compare that to the
measly 25c charge for the cradles
and get yourself a big laugh. If it
were not so outrageous, it would be
funny.
Dr. S. H. Englander
719 Osborn Bldg.

WANTS POSTAL BANK
TO HANDLE CHECKS

To the Editor of The Press:
Why don't the bright boys of
backward business get back of the
now heavily functioning government
bank, the Postal Savings, by start-
ing and carrying through a move-
ment to add to the Postal Bank a
department for checking accounts
of unlimited amounts and with all
deposits guaranteed?

Our government issues our money.
it provides a guaranteed safety now
on savings accounts-just why could
it not have a checking account de-
partment for those who don't wish
to speculate and who desire guaran-
teed safety? Many today would be
glad to pay for the safe hantiing of
a checking account. All this would
be silly in the era that is now rapid-
ly passing were it not for the fact
that the government is in the bank-
ing business and strenously. The
Federal Reserve, the Postal Bank,
the R. F. C.! And is the govern-
ment making loans?
Why be afraid of our commercial
banks and bankers? With some appreciated exceptions bankers are right now proving themselves in- e capable of properly handling the money entrusted to their care. Above all, they lack the imagination to percieve their just responsibility and the ideals of glorious service that is necessary for the well-being of our nation. Arth Bender 2325 Riverside road.

A TEST OF
COURAGE

To the Editor of The Press:
The individual and collective cour- age of American citizens has been tested repeatedly and in various ways since the founding of this na- tion more than a century and a half ago. In all of these tests they have been tried, and at times sev- erely so but never have been found wanting in that sensible, consistent type of moral courage which has re- turned them victorious on a thou- sand battlefields in almost every kind of contest.

Within recent days or weeks the citizens in this particular section of the nation, have been put to an- other serious and trying test. They -have suddenly and entirely without 1 warning, had their savings and even their checking accounts in their banking institutions tied up under severe restrictions thus making it extremely difficult and in many in- stances, entirely impossible for them to meet their current obligations. Checks which had been issued in good faith and accepted in the same manner, were returned marked "re- stricted funds" to the great embar- rassment of all parties concerned. Withdrawal of cash deposits were limited to an almost negligible per- centage or entirely eliminated through the expediency of "bank holidays." Surely here was a real test coming as it did, after many weary discouraging months of busi- ness depression which had already -taxed the resources of every one al- most beyond limit.

Did these citizens give way to panic and despair? Did they con- sider violence or retallation? Did they resort to vigorous criticism or abuse? No, but they did promptly ask for an explanation of this action and upon being assured and con vinced that it was a necessary move to protest individual entities and to insure a fair and equal distribution of available funds, they accepted the situation in the interest of the com- mon good and are trying to forget their personal inconvenience. This faith, co-operation, courage and de- termination cannot be denied and must not be abused.

B. O. Selple, superintendent State-City Employment Service.
