Will Not Solicit Refunds on Commission Basis
Letters to the Editor-

To the Editor of The Press:
Certain real estate men and attorneys have recently approached me on the subject of road refunds, according to a recent decision of the Ohio Supreme Court. As former executive director of the Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' League, it would appear that the aforesaid gentlemen would like to have my services in helping them milk the unfortunate taxpayer out of a few more dollars.

The proposition has been that because I have had extraordinary experience with regard to these matters, that I could "co-operate" with them in the very naive manner described by them as follows: That "we" could search out the taxpayers who have paid excessive amounts, approach these taxpayers with the promise of getting their refunds on some sort of a commisison or percentage basis.

The Cuyahoga County Taxpayers' League was formed by some of the best known and certainly some of the most honest men in the county. At their own expense they brought suit for these refunds solely and wholly for the benefit of the people. No one, with the exception of the aforesaid gentlemen, has had the slightest desire to make money on the already unfortunate plight of their fellow taxpayers.

I personally consider such practice wholly unethical, to be polite, and downright dishonest in matter of fact. Because I feel that anyone who is so lacking in moral conception as to use this method of making a few dollars might also use my name of the name of the league in connection therewith, I offer this letter as a warning to all persons who may have refunds coming to them. The office of the county auditor has been established for years to take care of the legitimate needs of the taxpaying public and through my considerable association with this office, I know that the personnel thereof are always willing to help the taxpayer courteously and with no cost.
F. Von Falkenberg
21745 Lorain avenue.

REMEMBER
THE OPPRESSED

To the Editor of The Press:
A voice of protest raised against any social injustice or wholesale outburst of cruelty against any race is an intensely beautiful gesture because it bespeaks an awareness of that touch of nature which makes the whole world kin. The only regret is that a spirit of protest is not oftener voiced.

Here in America, under the Stars and Stripes, one-sixth of the population- the dark-skinned Americans are the victims of constant cruelty, but seldom is a protest heard. Here is something for us to think about! Whilst we are under the spell of protest let us enlarge its borders to include all those who live under oppression-even those in the American scene. Ann Phillips Heffron.

URGES
PROTESTS

To the Editor of The Press:
"People who live in glass houses should not throw stones."
In your paper within the past few days I have read of the insults im-
posed on the Jews by Adolph Hitler, si recently elected ruler of Germany. an As a result the Jews of the United ne States have called a protest against -the treatment of the Jews in Ger-a many.

I think that if the rabbis and Al si Smith would make a protest for the co protection of the miners in our own ic United States they would be better w off. Hitler is ruling Germany. He w doesn't tell the United States what S to do, so let's stay in our own back-ba yard.

When the Japs went into China k and insulted Chinese women and en children different organizations here w protested against their treatment, C but what did they do about it? They b put the protestants in jail so what
is good for the goose is good for the o gander. J. H. Clark p 20881 Arbor avenue. d

WANTS TO KNOW
THE SALARIES

To the Editor of The Press:
C
t
t
Why is it that the salaries of the f executives of the Community and f Welfare Federation cannot be made f public? Kenneth Sturges stated that t the public would not understand, but s since they understand about donat-a ing when the drive is on wouldn't it be possible to also make it clear p to them about what each official
receives? We are familiar with the w salaries of all public officials e/cn 1 the presidents. Mr. David E. Greene, y president of the Welfare Federation a stated that probably there would be no salaries after, April 1. Is this g due to the fact that rather than p reveal their present salaries they
would prefer to work for glory or
is it just an April 1 joke?
Vincent Lawrence
Lakewood, О.

WOULD OUTLAW
ALL STRIKES

To the Editor of The Press:
So long as labor unions are neces-
sary to protect the workingman
against selfish employers, strikes
should not be tolerated and consid-
ered an offense against the govern-
ment. Strikes are the tools of some
union leaders who misuse their of-
fice and bring disaster to all con-
cerned. Whenever a dispute arises
between capital and labor, a board
consisting of two employees, two em-
ployers and two representatives from
the state should present the case
pro and con to the nearest federal
judge, whose decision in the matter
should be considered final. And un-
til such decision, busines is to go on
as usual.
P. Carbo.

THIS IS HARD
TO ANSWER

To the Editor of The Press:
Kindly allow me to present for
your consideration, or meditation,
one John of Cleveland. John is a
strong-backed bohunk with a pas-
sion for American citizenship and
an instinctive urge to building a
nest and raising young Johns.
John worked for several years for
a mammoth Cleveland company,
married, built a home, and fathered
six children. Two years ago John's
company no longer needed his serv-
ices, but, because of his good record
with them, they told him they
would not allow his family to starve.
So every week they gave John a
basket of groceries, ranging in value
from $2.50 to $3.25, and in order to
keep the stigma of charity from
entering John's life, they have him
work, a day or a day and a half
(from eight to 12 hours) for the
basket.

John discovered that the basket
of groceries would not feed eight
persons-six of them growing chil-
dren-so he applied to Associated
Charities for additional food. But
the A. C. tell John he has a job so
they cannot give him help.

Now if John received no groceries
from his company, he would receive
from the A. C. about twice as much
food as he now receives. He is on
the horns of a dilemma. Should he
sever connections with his company
and get his food from charity, or
hang onto his place on the company
payroll so that in the eventuality
the company again hires men he
will be in the strategic position? He
looks back on the past two lean
years with bitterness, and looks
ahead with apprehension. Three
dollars and twenty-five cents in
groceries does not go far with eight
people for a week's fare. (Try it.)
This week they cannot give John
his basket because they can find no
work for him, but promised him his
basket again next week. Can you
advise John, Mr. Editor?
Guy E. Thornton
1513 E. 49th street

MORE LIBRARIES
MORE SOCIALISTS

To the Editor of The Press:
Nina Grundman in her letter to
The Press Monday makes the state-
ment that we must keep the librar-
ies open to keep people from going
insane, or Socialist. I hate to dis-
illusion her, but it is usually well-
read people who are Socialists.
People who read a lot, and who read
worth-while things, are bound to
absorb some knowledge. As they
absorb knowledge, they begin to
think, and as they begin to think
-presto-you have the beginning of
a Socialist.

Since Socialists are dangerous
people, I suggest that Nina Grund-
man change her tactics and start
a campaign to close all libraries,
especially sociology departments,
and for a stricter censorship of the
press. For my part, bigger and bet-
ter libraries-and more Socialists.
Rose Friedman
9914 Ostend avenue.
