Says Men Must Adopt a New Set of Ideas
Letters to the Editor
To the Editor of The Press:
The faculty which ideas seem to possess of materializing into con-
crete facts is one of the miracles of science. Widely held beliefs tend to
come true even though they defy logic. If everyone believes that a
bank is going to fall, the chances are that it will fall. Conversely, if
everyone believes that the bank will pull through, the chances are that
it will pull through. On the na-
tional scale, there are no physical obstacles to an abundant life for
everyone. The obstacles are purely mental. Starving because of over-
production, or freezing on top of mountains of coal, going to jail
without benefit of counsel, or dying without solace of medicine (while
doctors and lawyers complain about overcrowded professions), life's su-
preme handicap is always in the realm of ideas. I can visualize
nothing better in the direction of human affairs until a new set of
ideas has been built into the minds of men. Frank McKee.

HOW ABOUT
ENGLAND

To the Editor of The Press:
I would like very much to know what has become of the great finan-
ciers we had in this country a few years ago, who rode on the crest
of the wave of prosperity proclaiming to the world that we had the
best and soundest monetary system in the universe. In England they
have experienced a great depression for several years, have gone off the
gold standard and yet more banks closed their doors in the state of
Ohio in the past month than in England during 50 years.
If the bankers in this country had devoted their energies to the ethics
of sound banking instead of bucket-shop speculating we would not be
in the most deplorable condition we find ourselves in today.
There should be enacted at once some very stringent laws regulating
the manner in which a bank may handle the funds of its depositors.
Faith in banks as a safe depository has been terribly shattered and it
will take years to restore the con-
fidence of the public.
Hillingdon.

be
FREE SPEECH
IN THE LEGION

To The Editor of The Press.
The Army & Navy Post of the
American Legion has been served
with an ultimatum from the officials
of the American Legion that it
either repudiate the action of its
executive committee in recom-
mending the passage of the economy
bill, sponsored by President Roose-
velt, or suffer ejection from the
legion. This information was con-
tained in your paper of March 16th
and in a statement sent by the ad-
jutant of this post to all of its
members.
The American Legion is not and
cannot function as a military
machine. It may be that a member
of a military organization in war
times should obey without hesitancy
or criticism any order given by a
superior officer. No organization,
however, operating in peace time in
a democratic government whose
constitution guarantees the right of
free speech, can survive if it at-
tempts to exercise such autocratic
control of enforcement of gag rule.
The economy bill was, as I under-
stand it, introduced in the federal
Congress at the request of the
president of this country and cer- tainly ho organization can be per- mitted by public opinion to eject members from its roster becanse of the fact that they or their repre- sentatives express an opinion upon such a bill, particularly one in favor of its adoption. The question as to whether or not the government should pay or should ever have made payments relating to disabilities hav- ing no connection with war-time service is one on which any citizen should be free to express his frank opinion. It is my recollection from an article by Alfred E. Smith in the Saturday Evening Post that not only isolated posts of the legion but in fact the New England department of the legion took an attitude of op- position toward a great deal of the veterans' legislation.

I am writing this to you as a member of Army & Navy Post and in the belief that it is high time that public opinion of this and other communities bring the officials charged with the conduct of the legion affairs to their 'sensés. and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
military machine operating in war time with czaristic powers including that of gag rule. The legion as such is an extremely worthwhile American institutioil Dut it is very apparent its officials are departing wholly from the spirit of its consti- tution and from all standards of American conduct.
C. A. Quintrell.

NOW FOR
INFLATION

To the Editor of The Press:
Ever since the stock market crash of 1929 wiped billions off we have been attempting to carry on business as usual with many mil- lions less than the usual amount of the medium necessary to success- fully transact business.
When statesmen attempted to remedy this situation they were howled down as inflationists.
"Never, never will we abanden-the gold standard," cried these howlers.
People could starve and commerce slowly shrink to the limits of barter but the sacred golden calf must not be melted into usefulness. What a rude awakening awaited these os- triches in the proclamation which puts us off the gold standard, only technically, of course. Sugar coat the medicine by all means, tell them we refuse to honor our gold certifi- cates but not really, only techni- cally.

Now for inflation. Even techni- cal inflation will be satisfactory.
Charles Wagner.

CROSSER
PROTECTED?

To the Editor of The Prese:
I got sore eyes trying to find a wise crack in Mr. Raper's column today referring to his candidate, Robert Crosser.
If it had been anyone else who had voted against the half billion
dollar measure of President Roose- velt's providing for economy, Mr. Raper would have wrathfully re- ferred to him as a moròn or some- thing along the same line. But be- cause he was his campaign manager he neglects to treat Grosser as he would anyone else.

And by the way, Mr. Editor, your editorial commenting on Mr. Cros- ser's conduct was not the same kind of a fire-eating editorial you would write against a Republican, for ex- ample, if he had acted as Crosser did on the Roosevelt bill.

About the only person who has escaped the poison pen of Mr. Raper is Mr. Crosser, and I guess it is because he was his campaign man- ager.

"Consistency, thou art a jewel."
Mrs. William Flaugher
3618 Tullamore road.

WHO PAYS FOR
FARM RELIEF?

To the Editor of The Press:

Where will the government get the money to help the farmers?
Answer: From the city man. Result: the city man will have less money. Further result: he will buy less farm goods. Final result: the whole nation will be worse off and especially the farmer, just as both are now worse off as a result of the activities of the Farm Board. There is only one way to cure the farm trouble, and that is to let farm products face the eternal law of supply and demand. Professor Mo- ley knows that. Professor Tugwell knows it and Professor Taussig knows it. We will have to come to it in the end. In the meantime there is no sense in our repeating the colossal blunders of the past. It was not the Republicans who boosted the appropriations for the veterans during the boom years. It was the general prosperity of the country. Similarly it is not the Democrats who now are reducing those appropriations; it is the gen- eral poverty of the country. Poli- ticians merely put into effect the measures made necessary by general social conditions.

John McCarthy
1730 W. 38th street.

SAYS DAMM
IS THE MAN

To The Editor of The Press.

Adam J. Damni is the logical man for the safety directorship. He would be welcomed by the public in general as well as the Police and Fire departments. That he is capa- ble, his past record in public service of a great many years as council- man and city treasurer is outstand- ing: He is a level-headed and fear- less leader. Mayor Ray T. Miller and the Democratic organization should be proud to have a man of Mr. Damm's integrity and ability in their cabinet. Frank Mervar
7801 Wade Park avenue.
