Sees No Gain to the People in Return of Beer
Letters to the Editor-

To the Editor of The Press:
I have been a regular subscriber of your paper for nearly 20 years, and have often admired your energy and fearlessness in combating the evils of our city.

I have been and still am an ardent prohibitionist, and feel that the things we are now doing with the 18th amendment is a step back-ward. How can a nation expect to have continued prosperity, and fill its. proper place in the world, if it has to depend upon revenue from such a damnable business ás is the liquor business, to carry on its activities?

Your editorial concerning beer for Ohio, on the first page of your March 25 issue, makes me so mad I am almost tempted to discontinue taking your publication. It seems to tell your readers you think the getting of beer is a major accomplishment, and a necessary thing in the plan to renew prosperity. May the great God look down with pity upon us if we have sunk so low that our prosperity and well being depends upon that cursed business.
This letter will not change your opinion one lota, but I hope it will let you know we do not all think the legal return of that cursed demon is for the best interests of the land we love. W. E. Outzs
1600 Rosewood avenue
Lakewood, O.

LIFE
GUARDS

To the Editor of The Press:
Last spring, as every spring, it was necessary to lure four men as life guards for Huntington Beach Park. Two of the men were native married men, the other two were imported from New Castle, Pa. I do not know what the requirements are for life guards, but I am sure that there are plenty of unemployed men in this city and county who would very capably fill every requirement.
A short time ago there was some discussion in The Press about the county commissioners desiring to get control of the parks. If they do get control the parks would undoubtedly suffer, but at least it would be Cleveland men who would be employed there. C. G. Monroe.

PLEASED BY
RESPONSES

To the Editor of The Press:
The whole-hearted response that the people of Cleveland are showing to the petitions for cheaper electric light rates is indeed very gratifying. It shows that the people in general are beginning to realize that they do not have to sit back and calmly submit to any unfair legislation that the mayor and a fickle Council would foist upon them. These peti-tions that are being circulated through the honest efforts of Mar-tin L. Sweeney and several other public-minded citizens, show that there are some people who have at heart the interests of Cleveland's taxpayers.
This response on the people's part should also show some of the coun-cilmen that they cannot hope to continue to betray their constituents. Ed Beran, secretary
Jeffersonian League.

HE VIEWS
WITH ALARM

To the Editor of The Press:
Your interesting news item about President Roosevelt's plan towards a solution of the unemployment prob-lems brings to mind a picture of
Roman Latifundia where chattelp
slaves performed the agricultural
and other work of the patricians'
villas.

Examine carefully this program-
a uniformed army of 250,000 inden-
tured for one year, subject to the
disciplinary regulations of the presi-
dent. How far is it from placing
collars of iron around the necks
of 250,000 to 1,000,000 and so on?
Examining further, the unemploy-
ment solution would take the form
of indenturing (read enslaving) all
the unemployed until there would be
a standing "pauper" class working
under prison or chattel slave-lati-
fundia conditions and discipline. All
the unemployed would eventually
pass into "prison" camps. Taxes
which now feed the R. F. C. and
provide the disemployed some relief
has already impoverished the middle
classes which can stand no more. It
becomes necessary to tax the capi-
talist class, but it is cheaper to pay
the insignificant "army" sum of $30
a month than to provide direct re-
lief; then the paupers could be put
to work building up more raw ma-
terial resources for the parasite
class rather than be a non-produc-
tive liability on corporate wealth.
The new deal-draw your own
conclusions!
Phillip Bartell.

ANOTHER
REVALUATOR

To the Editor of The Press:
The monetary gold reserve of the
world on Jan. 1, 1933, was $12,050,-
000,000. The total indebtedness of
the world, that is, obligations pay-
able in gold, amounts to $316,000,-
000,000. While these debt payments
mature through a long succession of
years there is not sufficient gold in
reserve in the world to pay interest
on the principal of the world's debts
without completely draining the
gold reserve of the debtor nations.
At the rate of increase at which
gold is going to monetary use a
panic in monetary gold will con-
tinue. Thus, it is obvious that the
largest creditor nations are going
to continue to drain the gold re-
serves of the debtor nations, and
force them to sell their products at
any price obtainable in order to get
the gold with which to meet their
obligations.

The final results are loss and
chaos to every nation in the world
that is engaged in international
comfierce. Wage and living stand-
ards will remain impoverished, un-
employment will continue, agricul-
ture will continue to suffer, and
under-consumption will continue.
The concentration of money will
continue, which situation has proved
disastrous to the common wealth of
all nations, from the beginning of
organized governments.

The questions arise as to what
should be done to avoid further op-
pression of the debtor nations by
the creditor nations and how to
completely eradicate unemployment
among all nations, thereby restor-
ing happiness, prosperity, and the
blessedness of good will among the
whole of civilization.
If my logic is correct, the plan to
follow is this:
1: Readjust or cancel interna-
tional monetary obligations. (a) It
is as unreasonable for a nation to
remain a creditor nation and also
a competitor as it would be for a
chain store monopoly to loan money
to interests which operate in com-
petition to the chain. (b)On ac-
count of our natural resources the
United States cannot afford to re-
main a creditor nation.
2: Revaluate the troy ounce of
gold to at least $60 per ounce 1000
fine.

I have been a mining engineer
for 38 years and have sampled and
assisted in sampling gold bearing
grounds from Nome, Alaska, to
Yukon basin on the north to the
Mexican border on the south and
in Mexico for the Green Consoli-
dated Mining Co. and know of what
I write.
We can get a revaluation of the
troy ounce of gold only by sticking
together and organizing clubs.
J. M. Hill.

HOW DO TEACHERS
LIVE WITHOUT PAY?

To the Editor of The Press:

I notice that Superintendent of
Schools R. G. Jones and now Board
Member Thomas J. Martin are talk-
ing about keeping the schools open
whether teachers are paid or not.
How do they expect the teachers
to live? I am supporting a widowed
mother. Most of my savings are
tied up in a local bank which has
not yet reorganized. I am within
two weeks of being absolutely broke
and in debt.

Will Mr. Martin or Supt. Jones
tell me how my mother and I shall
keep alive and maintain our self
respect? A Grade School Teacher.

WAS NOT
INTERESTED

To the Editor of The Press:
After reading William Hense's
letter in The Press of March, 25, one
wonders why you use so much space
for such nonsense. So Mayor Miller
is of German decent and not Irish
(horrors) and he changed his name
from German to English. (More hor-
rors.) I would like to call Mr.
Hense's attention to Eamon De
Valera, an American like Mr. Miller
now the president of the Irish Free
State, his father was/Spanish and
his mother Irish. So what of it? I
have yet to hear of anyone who wants
to know who Mayor Miller's ances-
tors were, but the Irish.
George White
17720 Ingleside drive.
