Urges Government Take Over Banks and Run Them
Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press:
Now it is time that the government took over all the banks in the United States, unified them, made them impregnable in the terms of the Bank of England, and planned to run our financial structure for the good of all.

We have seen 10,000 of our 30,000 banks fail since 1920. Canada has had no bank failures since 1932, England for longer.

We have seen the Senate Committee hearings bring out astounding evidence of at least lack of certain scruples on the part of our biggest bankers and financiers- Dawes, Mitchell, Owen D. Young, the Insulls et al.

We have seen our own local banks put drastic limitations on withdrawals. Finally we have seen the banks shut down all over the United States.

We have seen our own tax money poured by the hundreds of millions into weak banks through the R. F. C. Can the ordinary citizen do otherwise than conclude that the bankers as a whole have failed to run the financial structure of the country for the good of the country and its people?

Instead of the government guaranteeing deposits and leaving the same crowd to run the banks, let's have the government take over the entire system, keep it and sun it right. R. L. King.

STRICT FEDERAL
CONTROL REQUIRED
To the Editor of The Ps
Cleveland's most eventful week- financially-has undoubtedly necessitated a severe belt tightening process for many. The tidal wave of fear which swept over city, State and nation again powerfully demonstrated the dependence had upon our banking system, and proves that food and welfare are irrevocably locked to a sound financial structure.

Every leader including President Roosevelt is appealing for return of confidence. Our bankers proclaim the soundness of their institutions, hoping thereby for assurance. But public credence may be difficult to obtain.

Cleveland depositors have, however, something for which they can be thankful. There is an indication that our bankers regard deposits in their banks as public trusts. There is evidence that infernal frauds such as crept into several Toledo institutions and into the Standard Trust will be spared Cleveland in the present juncture. Following comparable restriction of withdrawals as made in the present juncture. Following comparable restriction of withdrawals as made in certain Ohio cities in 1931, too many depositors found banks thoroughly drained of the assets they had a right to expect.

xxxxxxxxx much to ask that asa gesture toward securing the greatly-to-be-desired confidence in our banking system that the citizens of Ohio be, given an administration of our banking laws which will be thoroughly reassuring? It is too much to ask that banking deceptions be treated as intended in the law? Is it too much to ask that an official be found who will recognize the right of the thousands of small depositors in Ohio already the losers of much needed savings? Is it too much to ask that a return to common honesty be demanded of banking officials?

President Roosevelt sounded the key to sounder policies in Ohio when he said "there must, be a strictABOUT THE
MASTER PAINTERS

To the Editor of The Press: A few days ago there appeared in the columns of The Press a communication under the caption, "Attacks the Master Painters," signed by Mr. R. G. Shepard, 3932 Carlyle avenue.

Mr. Shepard makes a number of statements which the members of Cleveland Chapter, International Society of Master Painters and Decorators, feel should not go unanswered.

To begin with, the Master Painters' and Decorators' Association is not set up to exclude any honest and reputable craftsman who is desirous of becoming a member, whether he may be termed a large or small contractor. And, as a matter of fact, the organization is made up of more men of the middle class than anything else.

But the standards of workmanship and the reliability of its members are paramount and each and every applicant for membership must necessarily prove that he is worthy of the name, Master Painter and Decorator.

During the past several months the chapter has been working on a definite program which tends to create in the industry better craftsmanship, reliability and an honest effort to carry out each and every contract which may be entered into by its members.

To this end, the chapter has set up 10 very definite standards. and principals, which it feels will create the ideals toward which it is working. These are summarized as follows:

1st: To extend our friendships and get acquainted with our colleagues in the same line of endeavor. 2d: To obtain for our craft the respect of the community.
3d: To improve and make working conditions more satisfactory.
4th: To promote good legislation and oppose passage of unfair laws.
5th: To better our relations with architects and general contractors.
6th: To interest the manufacturer of the materials which we use in our place and rights in the promotion of the welfare of the entire industry.
7th: To deal with labor on an equal organized basis.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the best and most modern methods of estimating on the basis of cost finding.
9th: To co-operate in promulgating codes of practice advertising andcreating good will for our trade. 10th: To give to our members that human touch of interest which is exemplified through our sick, welfare and goodwill committees.

The chapter members have no desire whatsover to go out and secure jobs in any other than an honest and ethical manner and to this end there has been created a very definite and concrete plan which affords the customer a protection as well as an assurance of having the job done right. This plan is known as the "certified plan," and is not only an assurance of financial responsibility of the contractor but protects the owner through workman's compensation insurance, against damages occuring from accidents. It is a definite guarantee of carrying out the contract with no hangover mechanic's liens or unpaid material bills or labor bills, an all important item to be considered in these trying days.

Under the certified plan it means that only the highest quality materials will be used and properly applied under the proper conditions.
Our members recognize a certain definite responsibility they owe to the public and they assume this responsibility by subscribing to certain very definite principles of honest practice in business that does not embarrass any honest, intelligent individual or firm. We also feel and practice the theory that every man owes a part of his time and some financial support to the industry that supports him. Improved measures or conditions that will force the unscrupulous man to practice some degree of decency will be accomplished by a group rather than by individual effort.

Charles C. Evans, President
Halph G. Hess, Secretary.
Cleveland Chapter, International Society of Master
Painters and Decorators.

HAS FAITH
IN MILLER

To the Editor of The Press:
It has been said that one must live under the same roof with another in order to truly know him. If this is so the writer feels that she is in some measure able to testify as to the honesty of purpose of our Mayor Ray T. Miller, having lived in daily contact with him for four years as manager of the hotel in which he resided.

In all these years Mr. Miller's every act was for the welfare and progress of those with whom he came in contact and it surely is with the same honesty of purpose that he is trying to conduct the affairs of the city of Cleveland. Why not give him the support he deserves when the need is so great? Why hamper
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the efforts of Ray T. Miller will probably be as those of other great men who had to die before they were appreciated. Ella Reeves
Hawkins Hotel.
