Rep. Kingsley Taft Explains Vote on Ward Bill
Letters to the Editor

To the Editor of The Press:
One of your editorials of March 22 refers to my action, in opposing approval of the Senate amendment to the Ward bill, as a mistake. I greatly respect the opinions expressed by your newspaper, but this is one instance in which my views as to the best interests of the people whom I represent differ from yours.
Under the law as it now exists, where bonds are to be issued for the construction of a municipal light plant, bridge or other improvement by a political subdivision of the state, 60 per cent of the voters must vote in favor of a tax levy required for the payment of interest and principal on such bonds. (Assuming, as is usually the case, no, levy within the 15-mill limitation is possible.)
The Ward Bill changes this 60 per cent to 65 per cent. Its purpose is the laudable one of requiring a greater percentage of voters to approve the issuance of bonds which would increase taxes.
The Senate amendment purported to reduce the 60 per cent of the present law and the 65 per cent of the Ward bill to only 55 per cent where the proposed improvements were "municipally owned water, electric or gas works, systems or services, or transportation routes or systems."
Your newspaper is of the opinion that this raises an issue between the people who want a bigger municipal light plant in Cleveland and the utilities. I do not believe such an issue is raised, but I believe that the issue raised is one between the people who pay taxes and those politicians who want to spend them on municipal water, electric and gas works and municipal street railroads.
It would clearly be wrong if the Ward bill, or the present law, required any vote of the people when bonds were to be issued for the construction or expansion of a sound municipal public utility.
Nothing in the present law or the Ward bill affects the Ohio constitution which provides for the issuance of mortgage bonds for the expansion or construction of municipally owned public utilities. Article 18, Section 12 of the constitution provides:
"Any municipality which acquires, constructs or extends any public utility and desires to raise money for such purposes may issue mortgage bonds therefor beyond the general limit of bonded indebtedness prescribed by law; provided that such mortgage bonds issued beyond the general limit of bonded indebtedness prescribed by law shall not impose any liability upon such municipality but shall be secured only upon the property and revenues of such public utility, including a franchise stating the terms upon which, in case of foreclosure, the purchaser may operate the same, which franchise shall in no case extend for a longer period of 20 years from the date of the sale of such utility and franchise on foreclosure." (Adopted Sept. 3.. 1912.)
Only one argument has ever been suggested to me by the proponents of the Senate amendment in answer to my claim that their amendment was not necessary in view of this constitutional provision. The argument is that a slightly higher rate of interest would have to be paid on mortgage
bonds issued under the constitution
than on bonds for the payment of
which the credit of the municipal-
ity was pledged.
Of course, as proponents of the
Senate amendment admit, the rea-
son for the lower rate of interest on
bonds issued on the credit of the
municipality, would be the assump-
tion by the taxpayers of the sub-
stantial business risk involved. In
the case of mortgage bonds issued
under the constitution, that busi-
ness risk would be asumed by the
buyers of the bonds.
It was argued in favor of the Sen-
ate amendment to the Ward bill
that the improvements referred to
in it were of a self-liquidating na-
ture, so that the issuance of bonds
for such improvements would not
increase taxes. If a particular pro-
ject were clearly self-liquidating so
that it involved no substantial busi-
ness risk, it should be easier to get
voters to support it. Furthermore,
if such business risk were absent,
mortgage bonds issued under the
contitution should sell at as low or
a lower rate of interest than bonds
secured only by the credit of the
municipality.
All so-called self-liquidating proj-
ects do not liquidate themselves. We
have a very good example of that in
the case of our Municipal Stadium
which will not pay for itself, as had
been supposed, but will be paid for
by the taxpayers.
Municipal light plants and other
improvements covered by the Senate
amendment can be financed by
mortgage bonds issued under the
constitution if there is not too great
a business risk. If there is too
great a business risk then the tax-
payer 'should be protected from the
imposition of that risk on him. The
present law and the Ward bill
both do that. Kingsley A. Taft.

SOME GARBAGE
PLANT MATHEMATICS
To the Editor of The Press:
The Cleveland Provision property,
at 40 cents per square foot, for the
proposed incinerator plant is, with-
out doubt, a good buy for the city,
nothwithstanding the fact that the
Real Estate Board appraised same
at 25 cents per square foot.
What makes this property a good
buy, other than the fact that the
value is there, is the fact that the
Cleveland Provision Co. is not mak-
ing any profit on the transaction,
and is, no doubt, taking a consid-
erable loss.
The Bassichis property, a stone's
throw away, was almost bought for
$63,000 several months ago, and then
turned down by Mayor Miller after
it was discovered that Bassichis was
making a profit. On the face of it,
it looks like Mayor Miller has saved
the taxpayers of Cleveland the dif
ference between $63,000 and $40,000,
or $23,000, which we admit is not
bad.
But did we tell you that the Bassichis parcel had 130,000 square feet in it, and at the same rate of 40 cents per square foot would have a value of $52,000; and did we tell you the Bassichis parcel has a one-story garage building on it contain-ing 30,000 square feet, which the city was to use as their truck garage, and that this building will now have to be built on the Cleveland Provision site at a cost of not less than $75,000; and did we tell you that the Bassichis parcel has on it 125.000 square feet of additional brick buildings which can be wrecked and the material used in the construction of the incinerator plant at a savings of at least $15,000 more.

So let us see just how much this $40,000 property, which consists of all vacant land, is really costing the city:

Agreed purchase price.. $40.000
Garage (to be built... 75.000
Salvage material 15,000

Total cost of Cleveland
Provision property $130.000.
The Bassichis parcel would have cost the city $63,000, which includes a $75,000 garage building, $15,000 worth of salvage material and an additional 30,000 square feet of land. Sounds to us like Miller-Mathics-whatever that is.
William M. Bassichis.

NO POLITICS
IN BEER!

To the Editor of The Press:
It is a fact, and every clear-minded citizen will admit, that the present public officials from the president down to the smallest officeholder were elected on the one and only issue then paramount, namely the repeal of the 18th amendment. This is a fact that is true and cannot be denied. This, of course, was included in the new deal promised by the president, and no amount of praise is sufficient in giving thanks to Mr. Roosevelt for his prompt and forceful action in bringing this question to the front.
But thanks to our muddle-headed local officials, we are not as yet out of the mire. It is evident, if reports are true, that our so-called local guardians are about to use this important victory for their own means, by slapping taxes on it right and left, and if the latest reports are true, and such legislation passes, it will be nigh impossible for a regular licensed dealer to compete with the bootlegger; for bootleggers there will be as long as there will not be a profit in it when sold in a legitimate way. The racketeers we have had with us so long will appear as pikers compared to our local fathers if this beer business is allowed to be used as a political foot-ball.
Charles J. Knobloch
13200 Edgewood.