Reader Urges Wives to Try Courting Husbands
Letters to the Editor

To the Editor of The Press:
I am sick and tired of all this stuff, about husbands ought to keep courting their wives all the time like Mrs. Maxwell and a lot of other such advisers keep telling us husbands.

They tell us we ought to cherish the honeymoon indefinitely, that we ought to send her flowers and candy and take her to shows like we was courting yet.

Now that's all right as long as it's fifty-fifty. But it never is. Most of these advisers are women. That's why they keep talking that way. A guy gets good and tired of doing that sort of thing and getting nothing in return.

How about the wives buying their husbands flowers once in a while, and inviting them to shows out of their own money? A husband would fall over dead if his wife did that. Why aren't wives supposed to be nice to their husbands as well as vice versa?

The fact is the wife has got more a' stake than the husband. He's supporting her, isn't he? I think it's up to her to be more particular about keeping their wedded bliss all one long honeymoon than him.

The trouble is that all these advisers seem to think that a woman is doing a man a big favor when she marries him. How about him doing her one too? She gets just as
much fun out of the honeymoon as he does. If she's doing him a favor so is he doing her one. It's fifty-fifty.

And now that women have the vote, the run of the speakeasies, and all the economic freedom and sex liberties a man ever had, why don't they act like it?

Now me, I'm not asking anything for myself. It's just the principle of the thing. I'd like it a lot if the little woman ever brought me a bunch of flowers, or said she had bought tickets for a good show for us. But no. And that isn't saying that a lot of girls are anxious to do those things for me, even if there are a few who might.

All I've got to say is a lot of these here wives better start thinking about what's sauce for the goose etc., because husbands aren't going to put up with such a one-way proposition much longer. At least one I know isn't.

So you tell those advisers to watch their step or their woman racket is going all Haywire on them one of these fine days, Spring is coming and you know about a young man's "fancy." Mr. Ordinary Hubby.

A DIFFERENT KIND
OF LICENSE TAX

To the Editor of The Press:
Attention: Louis Petrash and the members of the City Council. As a service station operator it would be very easy to condemn the proposed new tax on local business. However, I know that you have the interest of the city and its future at heart and that you hesitate to impose new burdens on business even in the face of a serious lack of city funds: Neither the citizens or the City Council would want to put a brake on any business already established here or drive any firms out of the city, therefore, let me propose for your consideration an alternative for your proposed tax measure. A sales tax or license-tax all business houses that sell in conjunction with their main line of business, completely dissimilar or non-related lines; for instance, last summer we sold soft drinks at our service station. Now our business is gasoline and oil sales. So, therefore, if we want a license to sell soft drinks, say, tax us $25 for the privilege. Now if a drug store wants to sell items that are not drugs let them pay a tax for the privilege, or if chain grocery stores want to sell motor oil let them sell it, but license them for the privilege. The same to hold with hardware stores, department stores, opticians, jewelers,
will be no additional burden on business as long as they stay in theirGOVERNMENT SHOULD
OPERATE A BANK

To the Editor of The Press:
Newspaper reports inform us that
Senator Dill of Washington is to in-
troduce a bill calling for the Postal
Savings Bank extension to include
checking accounts. This is com-
mendable and is the least that
should be done at this time but why
stop there? Why would not this be
an opportune time for the govern-
ment to take over and operate the
entire system? The happenings of
the past few weeks should convince
the most skeptical that our banking
system conducted as it is, primarily
for profit and secondly for service,
has failed miserably. Is not, the
setting ideal for government opera-
tion? Consider it for a moment.
The faith of the people in the
present system destroyed, but having
faith in the government's ability
to efficiently operate them and in
a state of mind not only willing but
eager to accept such a step, plenty
of banking facilities daily being
made idle due to their unsoundness
and the depression which could be
utilized by the government together
with an efficient personnel, Even-
tually, why not now?
O. K. Vance,
1927 E. 59th street.

WANTS BEER IN
LAKEWOOD, TOO

To the Editor of The Press:
I see where Mrs. Sheppard, head
of some W. C. T. U. or other says
that she is going to fight the sale
of beer in Lakewood.
Now who asked her, I would like
to know, to look after our affairs
out here? I am sure I did not.
As long as it is to be had as close
as Cleveland, and you know people
are going to rush down like mad,
why not let Lakewood merchants
have a fling at the sale, too?
Lakewood speakeasies in the past
have not consulted this Mrs. Shep-
pard, so why should the merchants?
Let Mrs. Sheppard look after her
own personal flock that they do not
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
but I like mine-open-with riends.
Fred Bukey.
