Would Substitute Pipe Line for Kegs and Bottles
Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press:
Such devices as kegs and bottles may have done justice to the beer industry of yesterday, but today they suggest something akin to the generator crank of the old telephone. Our new "suds" should be piped. Copper-lined tubing could run from the storage vats of the brewery through pumping stations located at strategic spots in its district. The beer would get into the barroom through a meter, be cooled in the ice-coil and run out of the spigot into the tankards, neat as you please. Any saloon proprietor need only outfit his oasis with bar, rail, mugs, cooler, spigot, sawdust and Rops art work-no pumps, store rooms, and other non-productive overhead.
The beer technician comes around with the meter, collects a fee, turns on the flow and sends a bill every month. Maybe a quarter-meter could be worked out for home use. To meet immediate demands breweries might lease city water mains from noon to 5 a. m. and run their lager through the channels using present meters. Beer for baths and shaving might be found novel if not entirely logical. You wouldn't need any soap-suds would be furnished. Jack Gilroy.

FROM A FRIEND
OF THE BUREAU
To the Editor of The Press:
Your paper's vigorous defense of the City-State Free Employment Bureau in the present crisis is certainly highly commendable. Surely under the existing economic conditions this is one of the most essential services that the city can render to its citizens and should be maintained at any cost. The writer wonders whether this is an honest attempt to economize or just a thinly veiled effort to throw business to the "private, fee-collecting employment agencies" that exist on the misfortune of the unemployed.
If every person who feels as I do about this would take the trouble to write, the battle would be won. Charles Watkins 17524 Harland avenue.

GLAD TO READ ABOUT
FATHER COUGHLIN
To the Editor of The Press:
May I express to your newspaper my pleasure at seeing the recent news columns devoted to the Detroit banking situation and in particular to its chief figure-the Rev. Fr. Charles E. Coughlin.
It has been a source of irritation and constant wonder to me and to many others as to the reason for the silence, which has been obvious, of the nation's news journals regarding the Rev. Fr. Coughlin.
Should the answer for this be control by reactionary capitalistic interests? A newspaper's first duty is to its readers and the ethics of the profession would never allow a continuance of a policy of disregarding one of the country's leading figures of interest and of his noble battle for human rights.
Therefore, I am heartily glad tobe able to feel that The Cleveland Press by this latest action cannot be classified in any such diabolical category, and that it is upholding the finest traditions of the Scripps-Howard Newspapers, an institution which has always prided itself on being liberal and has always advanced progressive thought. May it always continue to do s0.
J. Coleman
885 E. 128th street.

WHAT ABOUT ALL
THESE IRISH CLUBS?

To the Editor of The Press:
On March 16, 1933, an article appeared in your paper stating that the Irish-American Democratic League of Cuyahoga County, under the directorship of Walter G. O'Donnell, president of the league, had organized two clubs on the West Side, and that three are in process of formation on the East Side.

As a strong believer in unity, I believe in organization, and especially if the purpose of the organization is to elevate our Irish race in political and civil life.

I think Mr. O'Donnell should have stated where those two clubs are formed on the West Side and what names they go under, so that the Irish people in that vicinity might have the opportunity to join such clubs if they believe in such organizations.

There are two Irish-American Democratic clubs formed on the West Side that I am aware of, the West Park and the West Side Irish-American Democratic clubs, located at Lorain avenue and 135th street and Detroit avenue and 101st street, respectively.

I hope Mr. O'Donnell will not misconceive my meaning. I am not insinuating that he has reference to any of the two clubs named above because, as a member of the West Park club, I know we are not a unit of any organization.
Mike M. Sweeney
16516 Claire avenue.

"THE GOVERNMENT
SHOULD BE BANKER

To the Editor of The Press:
The banking stampede has demonstrated that the handling of time deposits is a natural government monopoly.

During the era of large profits and plentiful dividends the banking fraternity protested loudly against governmental supervision and regulation.

Now, however, they are shouting even more loudly for governmentalhelp to extricate them from the mire of their own troubles.

The savings acumulated, by millions of our citizens as a defense against economic insecurity have in almost all instances been won at the price of a lifetime of toil and thrift. These savings are entitled to the greatest safeguards that our government can throw about them.

I therefore wish to make the following suggestions:

I suggest that our Postal Savings banks be so expanded that they accept time deposits in unlimited amounts and that these deposits be invested in first mortgages on homes occupied by their owners and farms operated by their owners.

The present 2 per cent interest rate paid to depositors would be continued, of course, as they would be primarily interested in safeguarding their funds. Those who seek larger returns could patronize private savings.banks.

The government is under no necessity of paying huge bonuses to officers or making large loans to influential directors. It would be under no pressure to pay fat dividends to stockholders regardless of earnings. It could therefore limit its interest charges on these loans to 3 or 3½ per cent.

This would guarantee deposits of those who sought safety and reduce hoarding considerably.

It would prevent recurring epidemics of foreclosures, as the government being the mortgagee, could at will declare temporary moratoriums.

There would be no cost to the taxpayers, as the interest rates could be adjusted to make the project self-supporting.

Last, but not least, it would drive the "money changers" out of a substantial part of the "temple" and fear out of the hearts of depositors. Arthur A. Miller.

PROSPERITY
AND PAY

To the Editor of The Press:
Our government has come to the rescue of the bankers. The bankers and government seem to be in partnership. How about the small home-owners and the unemployed? It seems that we get plenty of air. In the daily newspapers one can read reports of how many go back to work but they do not say anything about the wages.

The return of prosperity and happiness depends on good pay to the masses. Joe Didolce 12328 Ashbury avenue.
