Mr. Byers Sees Danger in Too Much Authority
Letters to the Editor
To the Editor of The Press:
In this period when legislative bodies, unable to act for themselves, seem inclined to abdicate their constitutional powers at the behest of the executive branches of the government, it will be well for the people to bear in mind that out of such a situation may grow abuses far worse than the ills they are intended to remedy.

In the measures sought by President Roosevelt there is at least an appearance of delegation of constitutional power, in the bill enacted at a midnight session of our own Legislature attempting to grant plenary powers to the superintendent of insurance to control the insurance business in exercise of his absolute discretion (subject only to approval by the director of commerce), we have a measure which, if it were to be upheld by the courts, which God forbid, might serve as a precedent for legislation granting to governmental departments arbitrary control of every activity which could be said to be tinged with a public interest.

In granting to the president the power given him to control the banks, there are two saving considerations.

He is an elective, official. If he abuses his power he is accountable to the people and he might be impeached for such abuse. Moreover, it is fairly apparent that the bankers are not telling him what to do.

The superintendent of insurance is a political appointee. In our history usually he knows little or nothing about the insurance business when he takes office, and sometimes not much thereafter. Almost invariably he is a lawyer who is found connected with the insurance business when he goes out of office. The rules he makes will be and must be rules which the insurance companies want, for if the federal or state constitutions are still in effect, it is reasonably plain that the Legislature cannot itself make any law impairing the obligations of contracts, much less delegate that power to a mere superintendent of insurance.

It follows that such rules as he might make which were unlawful would be disregarded by the companies which were opposed to them. Where are the 400 percenters who were so vociferous only a short time
ago in demanding that we all "stand
by the Constitution?"
E.-S. Byers.

WILL WE
DEVALUATE

To the Editor of The Press: This is an answer to Mr. McCarthy's letter on revaluation of the gold dollar.

If to revaluate our gold dollar would bring on such a calamity as he would have us believe why did it not happen when all of the foreign nations revaluated their gold ounce or dollar? If to revaluate our gold dollar or ounce would bring on confusion in foreign exchange and international trade we certainly would have received some effect when that little trick was pulled over in Europe.

France discounted her national debt five times. It once was 80 billion, it now represents 16 billion in modern American money. This was all brought about by the revaluation of her gold dollar.

When our gold dollar is revaluated this depression will look like a piker to any other hard times we have ever experienced. I would not be surprised if our new president takes similar steps as did France and other nations.

John J. Henry
2117 W. 33d street.

STANDS FOR
REVALUATION

To the Editor of The Press: John McCarthy in a letter printed in this column on March 8 says that revaluating gold would be foolish. The confusion in foreign exchange would be a mighty small detail as all exchanges are keyed to ever-changing prices as it is.

The confuston in international trade would certainly benefit you, Mr. McCarthy, as then, a foreign country could not manufacture an article to sell for a dime in their money containing 10 per cent gold, ship it thousands of miles, pay a tariff, and then undersell an Ameri-can-made product for a dime of ours 
containing 40 per cent gold. Get
the point?

If I take a thousand dollars from
the bank, who will not lend it be-
cause of over-inflation of credit, and
stick it in an old sock, would you
call that ar increase in currency?
Hardly, it is still the same old
amount, Just a different hiding
place.

Revaluating gold would enable a
man-most everybody who bought a
home or a farm during the years of
prosperity-which means really,
years of cheap dollars, repay his
debt under the same conditions that
he contracted. Then the hidden
source of supply for that well, to
which you liken a bank, will once
more start its life-giving flow, and
cause the liquidation of its assets
which are mostly real estate, there-
by putting banks on a sound basis.

Which is best, Mr. McCarthy, $2.50
a day (when you work) and a $1500
debt and 40c wheat for a farmer
who couldn't buy the things you
make, or $5 a day and a $1500 debt
with a farmer able to buy the things
you make?
Robert R. Fink
3213 W. 48th street.

LONG LIVE THE
SCAVENGER!

To the Editor of The Press:
I read Mr. Emil A. Green's recent
letter in which he asserted that Jack
Raper's mind was always in the gut-
ter. If Hoover was asleep for four
years is Jack Raper to blame for
mentioning the truth? Of course,
the truth is often unpleasant, espe-
cially to a rock-ribbed, 100 per cent
fossilized Republican, whom I judge
Mr. Greene to be.

I preseume this gentleman's idea
of restoring confidence would be to
suppress criticism of any public man
regardless of whether he has proved
to be an outstanding failure or even
a racketeer of the worst type. I
imagine that Mr. Greene prays for
a return of the "good old days."

May the "town's scavenger's"
caustic wit flourish forever! It has
prodded a few of us saps into wake-
fulness.
K. F. Ziska.
