We Changed in Midstream, and the New Horse Goes
Letters to the Editor

To the Editor of The Press:
Well, aren't we glad that we changed horses in the middle of the stream. Now we will get some place. The new horse is no ordinary plug, it proves to be a lively, bucking bronco; such as any political stable ought to be proud of.
No sooner than we hit the saddle, this bronco leaps into the air, snorting and stamping and out of the stream we go, in fact, so fast that we can hardly observe old timber passing, giant and decayed diplomatic oaks, old fumblers or money-changers, old hens setting on golden eggs, hatching poverty. Also calamity-howling demagogs who objected to any kind of a move.
Yes, the new bronco is fast leaving them all behind. Oh, boy! but you are forced to hold fast to the new bronco to keep abreast. One is compelled to read three newspapers a day, besides tuning in on the radio, to get the new events, Why, the new horsey seems to know the way which we all want to go without guiding or pulling on the reins.
It seems to me that it was our good fortune to have a horse in the middle of the stream to change to
F. J. Turk
830 E. 185th street.

FAVORS LICENSE
FOR BARBERS

To the Editor of The Press:
In your editorial of March 8 under the caption of "Politicians Next," I read the article and it appears that you are opposing the barber bill in the Ohio Senate and I wonder if you are aware of the exact conditions of the barbering industry.
Thirty-eight states in the Union have, found it necessary to license barbers to protect the health of the general public. This bill is patterned from the experience gained in the other states.
The state of Ohio is completely surrounded by states having license bills and we find the barber who has been rejected in these various states coming into Ohio. Most of these men have been rejected because of diseases which prohibit them from working at the barbering profession in their home states.
Eighty-fivé per cent of the barbers in the state of Ohio are in favor of the bill. The board created by the bill is self-sustaining from the license fee of the barber. It is no desire of the barbers to create a political football, but an honest desire to protect their business, the health of their patrons, and to assure the public that the men operating barber shops are barbers and operate a shop in the most sanitary method known.
Under the bill, the board must consist of barbers and the barbers in Qhio had a similar bill before the Ohio Legislature for the past 30 years, and it is not a new idea even in Ohio, but Ohio is real backward on this subject.
N. Bohar
President of the St. Clair Street Chapter Progressive Barbers: As-
sociation.

DEFENDS HOOVER,
BLAMES RAPER

To the Editor of The Prese:
The best thing I've seen in your paper for a long time was a letter from Mr. Emil A. Greene.
I think every honest American blushes when he reads such "bright
C
C
sayings" as Mr. Raper made in his
column about former President Hoo- ver. There are still 15,000,000 Amer- icans who haven't forgotten how necessary Mr. Hoover was during the World War; how the same engi- neering ability that has been made so much light of during the last few years såved millions from starvation. Nor have we forgotten how the Democratic politicians took millions of dollars out of the taxpayers' pockets by not supporting Mr. Hoo- ver in his efforts to produce govern- mental economies and measures to bring about the return of prosperity. We have not forgotten, either, that we were well on the road to pros- perity last fall and would probably have avoided the suffering we are now enduring, if we would have voted for patriotic Americans in- stead of politicians.
 Because Mr. Hoover had foresight enough to see disaster as it ap- proached and detoured us into safe highways, he receives no credit. If he would have allowed us to have been ship wrecked and then saved us, we would have called him a great hero. However, no truly great men have been honored while they lived; people chose Barabbas in- stead of Jesus Christ and so it i expecting too much from people to expect them to honor a man as honest, intelligent and self-sacri- as Mr. Hoover.
 Mrs. M. Ekherg
1736 E. 238th street

NO CAUSE
FOR ALARM

To the Editor of The Press:
I just read Emil A. Greene's let- ter in which he expresses his dis- gust of Mr. Raper. I want to assure you that you need not be alarmed about losing your subscribers just because one individual loses his senses. The truth sometimes hurts a lot. I have an open mind and disagree with Mr. Greene.
 If people would only stop and think, my what a better world it would be to live in. I don't always agree with writers, but then give the other man a break. Why get all -flustered about it? Jack Kreves:

IT'S THE SLEEPER
NOT THE BED

To the Editor of The Press:
Dr. Laird in an interview said that what this country needed is 1 some good old-fashioned sleep. Everyone knows that sleep is very beneficial both to the mental as well as to the physical side of nature. In fact it would be more ideally heal- ing than anything our chemists t could bottle for us, but only to those who can afford their medicine in such "Lairdish" manner, and to c those who can swallow it.
 Velour drapes and dark rooms c will undoubtedly induce slumber but only to the man who is in acondition to retire completely. Men-
tal tension, the tight nerve-wrack-
ing kind we find today, cannot be
eased as simply as Dr. Laird would
have us believe. According to the
great psychologist, we must have
thick rugs to deaden the noises,
soothing hues of wall paper to quiet
the nerves and heavy or dark
shades to keep out the light.. In-
deed! I can imagine a person
worrying about rent and a stack of
grocery bills, rushing out with his
few last paltry dollars to buy these
much-desired furnishings for the
bedroom. Poor sap!

Just one more thing, old dear. I
am willing to wager that there are
many soft beds in warm-shaded
rooms whose inmates, too, turn
worry and fret all night over to-
morrow's meeting of board direc-
tors, and who are unaware and im
mune to the wondrous and healing
effects of their delightful environ-
ment. It's not the bed, old chap,
it's the fellow in the bed.
Miss Caesar.

60,000 DROPS
IN A BUCKET

To the Editor of The Press:

I read with interest the criticism
of Dr. S. H: Englander in your issue
of March 6, 1933, suggesting that the
dispussion of the 20 cent charge tor
eradle telephones was amusing to
him.

It is possibly only a drop in the
bucket as the doctor well says, but
obviously, if there are enough drops
the bucket can be readily filled by
them. I believe there are 60,000 to
70,000 cradle phones used in Cleve-
land, so that as much, as $15,000 or
more a month paid out by our peo-
ple is worth "a little fuss."

I might say that my efforts have
not been confined to writing letters
to your newspaper. I have done my
best to present the impropriety of
the continuance of the 25-cent
charge directly to the State Utilities
Commission. I have submitted data
supporting my position. My recom-
mendation would be that your cor-
respondent above-mentioned present
the facts which he has concerning
the cost of bells, first investigating
to make sure that his position as to
the expense involved in original cost
and maintenance is correct. Then
if he will bear down with his in-
formation and contentions upon the
State Utilities Commission, possibly
he can get a hearing appointed on
the charges to which he objects, as
has been accomplished in reference
to the cradle, telephone matter.

On March 22, I understand, there
will be a hearing at Columbus on the
order to show cause why the com-
pany should not discontinue its
charges for the cradle telephones,
John F. Robb
Hanna Building.
