Wants Women to Lead Us Back to Simplicity
Letters to the Editor

To the Editor of The Press:
I have often wondered if it has ever occurred to the women of America that they are the builders of mankind? I am writing about women because I come in contact with so many of them. Personally, I see beauty in a woman only when there is a refined soul. A soul, when ereated, has to be built up like character, and I say that the American woman better understands this than her European sister. Our present first lady, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, seems to me a striking example of democracy and simplicity.
I pray especially for those who are blessed with knowledge, who have justice in their hearts, reasoning power in their minds to lead us men back again to democratic simplicity. The American woman is the one who leads the world and her soul will put our country on its feet.
Louis Lingelbach
3886 W. 34th street.

THINKS ZANGARA
WAS INSANE

To the Editor of The Press:
Recently Zangara, an immigrant, made an attempt upon the life of the then president-elect of the United States. Accidentally his stray bullet hit and fatally wounded the mayor of Chicago. The time which lapsed between the time of the shooting and the death of Mayor Cermak was sufficient to arouse in the minds of many a doubt as to whether the charge against Zangara would be first or second degree murder. However, without delay, the killer was sentenced to die in the electric chair for murder in the first degree. In the past, many guilty of committing much more brutal murders have been confined to institutions for the insane. Zangara was given no such chance or facilities to prove insanity. Yet a man who desires to kill for no reason other than a difference in political belief and who thinks of writing his autobiography when death is so close cer tainly belongs in an institution for the insane, if anyone does.

June Morris
2093 Brown road.

YES, IT WAS
THE SAME

To the Editor of The Press:
I would like to write a few words to the man who hates organs, Mr. Albert Frederick. I heartily agree with Clarence E. Murphy when he says the organ is one of the most beautiful, instruments. Mr. Murphy has, in my opinion, an ear for good music. Last week when Albert Frederick answered Mr. Murphy's letter telling of his dislike of organs there appeared on the same page another article in which an Albert Frederick gave about 10 reasons why he hated Cleveland. I would like to know if this is the same Albert Frederick?
I'll bet the Albert Frederick who has all those reasons for hating Cleveland hates just about everything, even himself. He reminds me of the kind of a fellow who ties, strings around chickens' legs and then trips them when they start to run.
Mr. Frederick, there was no reason, as I can see, for you throwing your radio in the ash can, as yousaid you did, just because you hate organ music. Why didn't you tune in on another station? You may y have found someone who was t making a long speech. You dont like organ music because it is so g loud. Why don't you tune it down p a little? Our radio has a gadget r on it for making music a little c softer, hasn't yours?

Say, by the way, Albert, instead of throwing the radio in the ash can, S or even going to the bother of t tuning it down, why didn't you give it to some family who has never had a radio? I am sure someone would have been very glad to get it, even if the only thing you could tune in would be organ music.

I feel sorry for you, Albert Fred-erick. Hating an organ must cer-tainly keep you away from a lot of places, for instance the churches, some of the best theaters and also the Public Auditorium.

I agree with Clarence E. Murphy when he says that you don't know
Mrs. R. H. McKee

QUESTIONS STUART BELL'S
FIGURES ON RACE REVENUE

To the Editor of The Press:
I read a statement in Daily Rac-ing Form dated Feb. 22, by Presi-dent Sewell Combs, Kentucky Asso-ciation: "We are hopeful that we will be able to have the minimum purse no lower than $400 and as much above that as possible," he said. "We will most assuredly give as much as possible, hoping to keep out of the "red" at the wind-up, we will be satisfied to break even on the meeting.

Here's another one, Mr. Bell:
Daily Racing Form, Feb. 24:
William Woodward, chairman New York Jockey Club, stated that if the people of the state desire the mutuels the Jockey club could but acquiesce in that sentiment. It is clear, however, Mr. Woodward pointed out such a method could be adopted and in the meantime it is of vital importance to the mainten-ance of racing in New York, Mr. Woodward also referred pointedly to the suggestion of a tax of $1000 per race, which would apply.

(In the way it seems to be sug-gested.)
Under present conditions, he stat-ed that such a tax would surely close every track in the state. The racing association lost heavily last year and the imposition of any tax of this character without relief

would be fatal to them at this time.
Mr. Bell, using your own words in your article, March 14th, that any tyro at mathematics can figure this out themselves. I will ask you to get some figures on a mutuel plant, plus purses, salary pertaining to racing officials, hospital equipment, doctors, nurses, ambulance, work horses, workmen, for yearly upkeep, resoiling top surface of racing strip after hard winds, cashiers, ticket sellers, money counters, ticket counters, hundreds of thousands of mutual tickets printed, publicity, Insurance, policing, property tax, water tax and many sther items.

Mr. Bell, the check on Maryland was a war-time tax measure with
handle of a million. A cut of twothirds or more since the crash, leaving the Maryland track driving for overhead expenses.

Mr. Bell, string along with Franklin Roosevelt, our president, get the facts first, then action. But be sureto get the facts.
as I have in our new president.
W. H. Lee
5822 Bridge avenue.

THIS MUSIC
DOESN'T CLICK

To the Editor of The Presst

To my mind, Tin Pan Alley reached a new high in asininity when it ground out that musical lesson in economics "Buy American." As a transparent piece of propaganda attempting to play on the patriotic emotions of the masses it takes the palm.

The Buy American action, aided by prohibitive tariffs, has resulted in reciprocal measures aboard. This has delivered a body blow to business and aggravated conditions throughout the world. Contrary to general opinion, our high standard of living makes world trade imperitive.

This was brought to my attention recently when a local radio band played that priceless composition in honor of Mr. Roosevelt's inauguration despite the known fact that it is out of harmony with his convictions. He, as I understand it, is emphatically for the reduction of tariffs to the point where it protects American labor, thus fostering good will and giving impetus to international trade.

As an afterthought, I think an I. Q. test for popular music bards would be in order.
Francis J. McDonald
