To the Editor of The Press: The demand that the gold dollar be revalued is foolish. If we Americans were to revalue, without other nations doing likewise, the value of our currency in relation to the value of theirs would be dislocated; and the result would be confusion in foreign exchange and international trade.

With gold revalued our present stock of gold 'would serve as a basis for a greater quantity of currency: but currency has been increasing all through the depression-while prices have been dropping-so why assume that more currency would bring higher prices? Prices do not depend on currency alone, they depend also on the total amount of credit outstanding and on the rapidity with which both currency and credit circulate.

While there has been an increase in currency, there has been a decrease a very big decrease in credit and circulation and so the three combined are much less now than in 1929; which is why prices are much lower.

Revalued gold would provide more potential credit, but there was plenty of potential credit at the banks long after the depression started; but the business world didn't need it and couldn't use it. Had there been more, what good would it have been?

Gold.revaluation would only bring confusion. It wouldn't help matters a particle. As for the present bank stringency, it simply means that for a considerable time withdrawals have been exceeding deposits. The bank's reserves have thus become a little low. It is precisely like drawing water out of a well faster than the water seeps in. We will have to draw less out for a while, and let more seep in. The situation is not really serious and it will steadily improve.
John McCarthy
1730 W. 38th street.

MOTHER SEEKS
HER DAUGHTER

To the Editer of The Presst Will you please print this in your paper for a poor heartbroken mother?

Mary Scott Jackman or Mrs. Bonnie. Higt please write to mother at once. I am ill and would love to hear from you.

I have not heard from my daughter for some time. I feel sure she will see this message in your paper.. May God bless you is the wish for this 70-year-old mother.
Mrs. Frank Laraway
1038 Oakwood avenue
Toledo.

NEEDS OF
THE SPIRIT

To the Editor of The Press: According to the version of ereation the physical part of original aman wassere xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx vine particle called soul inserted afterward. This indicates to us that we human beings in the conduct of our lives must have a material foundation first if there is to be a spiritual development. True as it is that man cannot live by bread alone, precedence must be given bread. Without substance there is no room for spiritual growth.

While during the last three years we have set the best minds of our country to thinking of how to bring the economical calamity to a close. consideration should not be withheld for the waves of crime which have spread over our country. If we are to survive economically we must make spiritual readjustment as well. Unless we do uphold our moralstandard we would not be able to avail ourselves of prosperity when it comes. We cannot put all the responsibility for our moral laxity upon the present day difficulties. Its origin must be sought in our broken homes, our nominally religious institutions that afford no spiritual training.

For countless generations men had struggled for freedom, willing to live and die for the right to worship and now in an age with that freedom attained, what does that freedom mean to us? We have become indifferent, we neither affirm nor deny religion. We think of God as one who is tolerated by us instead of thinking us tolerated by him. We pay our debt to him by coming once in a while or even once a year to church or temple, rolling presumptuously in munificence in luxuriant pews, appreciating the sensuous atmosphere with no relation to the love of God which is also the love and consideration of our fellowmen. It is real prayer and worship that prevents the infliction of pain in others and is able to check crime and vice and enable men to enjoy life to the fullest. Rabbi Jacob Richman, Lorain, O.

LOOKING FOR
RELATIVES

To the Editor of The Press:
I have a twin brother, a sister and an aunt and two uncles living in Cleveland and I haven't heard from any of them for eight years. I hope you will help me locate them. I want to hear from them.

All of them live in what you people call the Roaring Third, but that is all I know.

My brother is Lee Branch, my sister, Elsie Branch; my aunt, Sarah Briggs, and my uncles, Cleter and Mitchell Briggs. I would like to hear from any of them.
Louis Branch
313 Townsend street
Wilmington, Del.

ORION'S
GLASS

To the Editor of The Press
Possibly not all of your well-informed readers know that the most outstanding diagram in the night-sky is Orion's Beauty-Glass in the form of a baseball diamond, held by that mighty hunter in such a way the beautiful Seven Sisters forming the Pleiades can behold their own loveliness and at the same time keep an ever-watchful eye on that ever-following gentleman.

Orion is now on our nosth-south line (known as the meridian, easily found with a Scout compass, if not known) about 7 p. m., and will be on it four minutes earlier each succeeding night, directly between us and the south pole of the sky.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
upper-left side of the glass; his three "sword stars" its handle.

An opera-glass will give a better view of his Great Nebula, whose exact location is clearly marked by the middle star in the handle.

The opera glass will also give a
most splendid view of the Fairies
Dipper in the Pleiades easily seen
- out beyond Aldebaran and his V-
shaped group, by sighting from the
left to the right, along the "belt
stars." Henry Dill Benner
77 Heller Parkway
Newark, N. J.

ORGANS. AND
MOUTH ORGANS

To the Editor of The Press:
I read in your paper where a man named Murphy thinks there ought to be more organ music on the radio.

It's o. k. with me, because I have already thrown my radio into the ash can because every time I turned the blamed thing on it started putting out organ music, but I should imagine that it would be an unnecessary cruelty to lots of other people, especially shutins that can't help listening to the radio.

The reason some people like organ music, I think, is because it is so loud. It certainly is not very beautiful. It wasn't even very beautiful before it got associated with movie advertisements of what's coming next week and what's showing at all the other houses in the city.

Personally, I regard the mouth organ as a much more sensitive and beautiful instrument than the pipe organ, which is the most overrated thing in the whole musical world. And I don't think much of the mouth organ.
Albert Frederick.

CONSTANTINOPLE'S
CHANGING NAMES

To the Editor of The Press:
In the question and answer column of The Cleveland Press for March 3, I find the following:
Question: What was the original name for Constantinople?

Answer: Istambul is the old Turkish name. It was changed to Constantinople in honor of Constantine the Great, and recently the Turks have returned to the former name.

The above answer is obviously incorrect. Constantinople did not fall into the hands of the Ottoman Tarks until 1453 A. D., when the Eastern Roman Empire, so-called, came to an end. It is highly im- probable that it was given a Turkish name prior to that date. True, Istambul is the old Turkish name. but it is not the original. The city was first called after Constantine when that emperor established the eastern seat of Roman government at that point in 330 A. D. To do this, he enlarged the town of Byzantium and called the result after himself. However, even then the name Byzantium still clung and today we still speak of Byzantine language and Byzantine architecture.

Byzantium was settled sometime in the Sixth Century B. C. by Greek colonists. As far as I am able to determine, that is the original name of the settlement at that place.
Thomas Q. Lempertz
1230 E. Ninth street.
