Acting German Consul Explains Reichstag Fire
Letters to the Editor

To the Editor of The Press: It appears that some newspapers of this country are being used for a certain propaganda to the effect that the fire which recently. destroyed part of the German Reichstag Building was plotted by persons in close touch with the government in order to throw the odium on the Communist party.

I therefore feel it my duty to announce that according to official advices received by this consulate it has been conclusively proven that
xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx mer Royal Castle as well as in the Reithstag, can be traced to the activities of organized Communist conspiracy. The government, therefore, to preserve order especially in ployed, has been compelled to take drastic and extraordinary steps against all subversive movements. The temporary suspension of So- -cial-Democratic newspapers was due to the fact that such papers had Jately consistently undermined the authority of the government. W. Friebel Acting German Consul.

FINDS US
UNREASONABLE

To the Editor of The Press: Your editorial, Back the Banks for the General Good, is the most unreasonable thing I have ever read in your paper in sometime. I am sure you do not realize how-disasterous it would be to business to have a law to limit the withdrawal of commercial accounts, even tem-
porarily. It is the working cash of all business, and the one thing that should be free today. Every man's credit is strained to the-limit. He must take advantage of all discounts, etc., to make ends meet. The banks charge a service fee for carrying these accounts, and therefore have no claim on them, and are liable for their payment on demand. Those funds are not for investment. With such a law they can ruin a man's credit and control any business at their discretion. They
refusing to loan on real estate, allowing the investor to juggle values until their assets in that line are destroyed. With money borrowed
from them on personal security, he
rates of interest and large bonus, paying regular commercial 'rates to them, for our saving deposits drawing 3 per cent for security. They have Violated the conndence and trust of the public. It was a gamble, and they have lost. They should be held to account for it, by laws to control them hereafter.

This occasión calls for calm and clear thinking, but not for uncom- plaining acceptance of such condi- Lions. And it is time for all good citizens to protect the general in- terest, by holding them to sound business principles. Stand back of them in their troubles now, but pré- pare for the future. Yours for calm and clear thinking.
Walter Lee
6214 Lexington avenue.

RETIRE BONDS,
PRINT MONEY...

To the Editor of The Press:
There has been so much said about the government issuing $2,000,000,000 in new money in order to bring more money into circulation. This money would, of course, have no gold value in back of it, therefore it is considered too dangerous, as it would deflate the dollat too low and destroy what confidence there is left.

Now suppose the government would call back one of the issues of the, oustanding Liberty Bonds, print said amount of new money. pay face value for them. Said bond to be kept in treasury as backing of -newly issued money. If necessary, it can be resold in later years when times are better, re-dating them due in a later year, than they are due now.

These bonds certainly should have
racy has been fof naught. Also said backing should keep the dollar from deflation.
Calling back said bonds will save the government millions of dollars sin interest. Also the taxes derived from this money will repay a good bit of the new money sued.
Further in order to bring backconfidence, the government should
tax 80 to 90 per cent of the profit
taken at the stock market. People
will then buy stocks for investment
and not gamble. Confidence would
thus be restored.
O. T. Marchand
Gates Milis, O.

READERS
AROUSED

To the Editor of The Press:
We were very much aroused after
reading the article in The Press on
March 1 in reference to the five
boys who were jailed for sneaking
Into the State Theater.

Our sociology books, teachers and
courts try to
is now trying to use science and
good judgment in discriminating
the thief from the petty offender.
What chances in life will these boys
kave after mingling with experie-
enced criminals? Their minds will
be corrupted. After they have been
freed they will consider themselves
"social inferiors" jailbirds and
crooks and in most cases act the
part. This is something for our
citizens and courts to think about.
Mr. and Mrs. Rossi Cerrits.

TARIFFS AND
IMMIGRATION

To the Editor of The Press:
Eleven years ago, before we im-
posed restriction on immigration,
men who wore the uniform of the
try on the battlefields of France
were thrown out of their jobs every-
where and immigrants fresh from
the docks put in their places. Why?
Because the immigrant would work
cheaper and because he esteemed
the cut-wage a princely salary com-
pared to what he could earn, at
home.

Are we to encourage the develop-
ment of the misery of European
slums and social degradation in our
land and are we to make fertile
fields for the propagandists of Gom
munism and others who destroy our
social, economic and political order?

Are we to repeat the sad experi-
ence of 11 years ago and under cir-
cumstances less trying than those of
the present time?

Are we to disregard the pledge
secured by President Hoover in the
beginning of this period of depres-
sion from leading industrialists, not
to lower standards of work nor re-
duce prevailing wages in return for
-Jελόης γείσοoise not to seek higlier
Standards?

Are we to believe that this entire
program for the opening wide our
portals to both foreign workers and
goods of foreign people is inspired
and designed to liquidate isbor and
force a lowering of our standards?
Can we honestly draw any other
dedustion? William B. Bucey
1367 E. 110th street.
