Suggests Commercial Scrip to Aid Business
To the Editor of The Press:
-Letters to the Editor-
Inasmuch as those banks which prior to ratification of the repeal throughout the country, there is go-
have restricted withdrawals did not amendment. However much the ing to be a change in the former
see fit to make an exception of com- wets in the Assembly think they government. I do not say that this
mercial accounts which are the life have a mandate to provide for such change will be for the better but it
of trade, perhaps this suggestion a vote, present dissatisfaction with will be a change and it will be bul-
may furnish an expedient substitute. the status quo everywhere would lets rather than ballots.
If the owner of a commercial ac- prevent the voters calm considera-
count will write a check for $10 to tion of the results of such action
the order of cash and take it to his and repeal would mean only the in-
bank, and if the bank will place a tensification of present conditions of
stamp thereon, indorsed, "The lawlessness which they pretend to
Maker of This Check Has Not Is- deplore. This certainly shows up
sued Checks Like This in a Greater most of the wets in their true light,
Amount Than His Commercial De- not as advocates of temperance, but
posit in This Bank," said check can in their lust for drink real enemies
then be used as scrip in the purchase of law and order.
As to the ratification of said
of any commodity, the payment amendment there seems to be little
of any bill to anyone who will be doubt at present, as wets are deter-
willing to accept same in absolute mined to put every obstacle in the
payment of an obligation of $10. way of enforcement so that even
If this practice becomes universal, sincere drys will be forced to accept
a new form of currency or commer- their proposals.
cial barter will have created itself
without almost any mechanics. By Your paper deserves censure by all
the time the check has been used right-thinking people for advo-
a dozen times, we can hope the cating such a course. The recent
present situation will have been so sneers in your news columns at tem-
relieved, that the bank will be in a perance in the matter of strong
position to honor the payment of drink being emphasized on the day
the check. With the indorsement set aside by the state for such teach-
as suggested, it is the same as a ing in our schools merely illustrates
certified check, except that the bank a case in point.
is under no compulsion to honor After all, repeal may be what is
payment, but by its indorsement needed to bring some short mem-
furnishes a prospective taker with oried wets back to their senses a
the information that the maker of few years of free flowing booze and
the check has sufficient funds in nis they may unite in calling for-more
commercial account, but obviously rigid control than was ever before
must await its withdraw until the attempted.
bank voluntarily lifts the restriction Fred W. Rose
or is in such a position that it can 475 E. 124th street.
and must do so.

WANTED:
Large bills can be paid to creditors, A MAYOR
who are willing, by the required To the Editor of The Press:
number or as many checks of $10 I cannot see why the city of
as such creditor may be willing to Cleveland cannot have as a candi-
take. In other words such a chock date for mayor a man who has the
would act as a $10, bill. If the worst ability to run the city for the benefit
comes to worst the creditor will have of the citizens.
one or more $10 checks on his hands, There are such men in the city
depending on the number such of Cleveland who have run in the
creditor is willing to carry at one past and who would run now but
time. In the meantime, regardless they could not affiliate themselves
of its ultimate value, the check has with either of the large parties be-
served as a medium of exchange. It cause the corruption which has
will also make liquid the stagnant crept into these parties. There are
account. men like Mr. D. Cull who has all
A $10 bill has, of course, gold be- the qualifications for this position
hind it. The check will have $10 but would run as an independent.
behind it but in addition, the un- Daniel Morgan in my estimation is
certainty of exchange payment in well qualified for the position but
legal tender. For most part this my who would not run under the lead-
well be disregarded in the face of ership of the Republican Party.
the advantages and compensations The last election the people in the
attached thereto. city of Cleveland had an opportu-

Checks could be written in larger nity to elect a man in the position
amounts, but they would not pass of mayor, namely Peter Witt, who
as easily. Under this plan some would have served them well, but
schemes might be suggested which their eyes were dimmed by the
might work a fraud. The praba- prattle and promises of the profes-
bility is that such practices would sional politician and as a result our
not be any different than those per- city is in a terrible situation.
petrated in normal times without Let us hope that in the next elec-
the present restrictions. Our pres- tion the people in the city of Cleve
ent laws would be sufficient to take land will not take voting as a mat-
care of such. A party could not ter of course, but will give it con-
issue checks in a greater amount siderable thought, because if they
than his commercial deposits, other- don't, not only in the city but
wise the foregoing indorsement
could not be secured from the bank.
If the banks are willing to co-
operate in this plan and permit
savings accounts to be converted
into checking, there is no reason
why considerable hardship cannot
be eliminated and the banks" deposi-
tors will have much to be thankful
for.
H. A. Blachman
813 Public Square Building.

CENSURE
FOR WETS
To the Editor of The Press:
Gov. White is to be commended
for his stand in opposition to the
repeal of state enforcement laws

W. A. Krider.

PASSING
FRONTIERS
To the Editor of The Press:
James Truslow Adams, in his
book called "Epic of America," says,
"The average man in all our modern
democracies is no more of a trained
economist than our westerners were
in 1896. With the immense fall in
price of silver and declining produc-
tion of gold, which the League of
Nations states will reach a crisis ins
1940, with the world loaded with
debts payable in currency value of
1918, we are already beginning to
hear of the demand for a new and
more scientific basis for currency-
that is a cheaper money to cause
inflation for trade and make the
payment of debt easier for the
debtor. In a sense, Europe is today
the new economic frontier of
America."
Under President Hoover, who was
considered the great engineer, we
enacted tariff that almost staggered
us with the prohibitive height to
which duties were raised, in spite
of the fact that we insisted upon
collection from other nations of over
$11,000,000:000 in loans, even the in
terest on which could only be paid
by selling goods to us.
We know that there are no new
gold fields to be discovered. First
railroads in America were built by
new supplies of gold found in Sacra
mento in 1849. Our agrarian em-
pire which lies west of the Missis-
sipi River and the boom of big busi-
ness, manufacture and commerce on
the eastern sea-coastal plan, were
stimulated by Civil War plus gold
fields discovered in the Rocky
Mountains in 1864.
Unparalleled orgy of stock mar-
ket with its wild speculation ended
in the disastrous collapse of 1929,
because vast structure was built
upon credit. It was the natural
outcome of the great prosperity of
big business, manufacture and com-
merce in our country.
Branko M. Solich
903 E. 73d street.

AGREES WITH
WHAT'S WRONG
To the Editor of The Press:
Arthur Dainley in Friday's Press
wrote an article on what's wrong
with radio. I sincerely agree with
him. Nowadays we seldom hear
our good music. I think we ought to
have more organ music instead of
dizzy orchestras all the time.
I enjoy reading Norman Siegel's
radio column. He has a sense of
humor which other radio editors
lack.
Clarence E. Murphy
5726 Bridge avenue.

Ford and Couzens Together Again
-By RAY TUCKER
WASHINGTON, March 2-Two of production. Time arid again Mr.
old partners and enemies Couzens threatened to quit if his
advice were not followed, but it al-
Senator James Couzens and Henry ways was. Now, in the Senate, he
Ford have been brought together is the same dominant figure. The
again in a heroic role as a result of R. F. C. heads fear him and heel:
the banking crisis in Michigan. him.
When the thrilling, inside story Henry still responds to the spell.
of this drama becomes known-and He sends the senator gifts of almost
it will, some day-the senator will every new model, asks his advice