Mayor Bain of Fairview Warns Against Refund Bills

-Letters to the Editor-

To the Editor of The Press: Do you know that in Columbus this coming week there is some legislation to be considered and probably passed which will relieve the rural taxpayer and let the rest of us out of the picture?

No. Most of you are too busy with your own personal affairs just now to be bothered much with the doings of the Legislature and did we not just turn this over to our representatives at Columbus to handle for us?

The road interests, rural districts and representatives of farmers' groups know that the majority of our citizens are prone to forget all about these little matters after the election is over, but do they forget?

No, absolutely not.
They pay law-
yers to draw up bills which only
help their own particular case. They
go down to Columbus while the Leg-
islature is in session and lobby
these selfish bills through. They
have money to work with.

Who goes to Columbus to represent the municipalities? Nobody. Why should we send anyone, haven't we got our representatives? Yes, we have, but these men are pressured to vote for these bills while we sit back and hope something will happen that might help us out.

I realize that the rural districts need to be relieved, but why not be fair about this thing and let everyone participate in this belief?

The reason is that nobody has presenteď a bill to the Legislature which even mentions relief to a municipality, so how can we expect to get any satisfaction out of a situation such as this?

As I understand it, there are three bills which are being considered, one the Eickenberry bill, which is the most vicious of all and has $100,-000 back of it, which would rebate all special assessments paid on state and county roads in rural districts only, which would amount to one-quarter billion dollars.

Another is the Armbruster bill, which would relieve the assessments to abutting property by issuing bonds on long terms and reassessing the cost over the entire county.

The third is the so-called McNa-mee bill, which was written by a representative of a group of farmers. This bill provides for the diversion of a portion of the gas tax and allowing the county to reassess for road purposes up to the amount of 2 mills, which is allowable by law. The power is entirely vested in the county commissioners to relieve those roads which they feel need this relief.

All of this legislation means more taxes to those who live in municipalities. Way wouldn't it have been possible to figure out a bill to relieve municipalities as well as rural districts?

What are we, the untouchables? Some of these people were against the 1-mill levy. As I see it, the 1-mill levy is only cigaret money along side of this.

Again I say that the rural districts need relief from taxation, but give us all a share of this relief.

This problem presents itself in different ways in these communities. Some of these communities have only state or county roads that are improved, so why not legislate to help them? Others are not only paying the special assessments for their own frontage but also must pay their share of the municipalities' portion of the bonds for these improvements on state and county roads, so why not include in this legislation some relief for these people from these bonds?

This would amount to a 40-cent tax reduction in our community, if we could get these people to recognize the fact that Ohio is not only composed of rural districts but also municipalities.

The money collected from the gas and vehicle tax should be used for this purpose. Road building can wait. Chase those lobbyists home and let the men who have been elected to represent us do their job in a proper way:

Get after the legislator. He has a hard job just now, but it seems that being fair in any matter always is the easiest in the long run. I am for giving relief to all, not just a few. Either use this gas and vehicle tax to relieve us or reduce the amount of this tax. Surely our state government has not become so obsolete that it is not possible to be fair and equitable in matters as important as these are to all of us.

David R. Bain
Mayor, Fairview Village.

LEGAL RESERVE
LIFE INSURANCE

To the Editor of The Press!
To one who religiously reads the columnists" "stuff" in our daily press, there has seemed to be no more pathetic figure than the columnist who day by day has tried to forecast events in our changing economic society.

From ardent defenders of the gold standard, over night these writers have endeavored to gracefully reverse their stand and hop aboard the flexible currency band wagon. As former defenders of rugged individualism they are now preaching the gospel of social consciousness.

Cleveland's own John W. Love in the March 15 issue of your paper is again groping for a peg on which to hang his hat. This time, good old Legal Reserve Life Insurance takes the rap. Mr. Love would lead the public to believe that cash values and investment through life insurance, after 150 years of successful performance, is on the way out of our capitalistic society simply because some of the state insurance departments have as a precautionary measure temporarily restricted the loan and cash surrender privileges. He apparently does not know that after
four years of deflation that out of approximately 420 Legal Reserve Life Insurance companies a negligible number have had to in any way restrict their loans and surrenders even though life insurance is not intended to function as a banking institution but rather as a longtime permanent investment plan. Notwithstanding this fact, in the last four years Legal Reserve Life Insurance has paid billions of dollars to people who were left stranded financially by other investment institutions.

The writer sees many shortcomings in our capitalistic society, yet out of the wreckage caused by four depression years Legal Life Insurance stands as the one institution that has not failed its investors in this great emergency.

Better look for another peg for your hat, Mr. Love.
R. J. Ferriman
932 Leader Building.

GET SHOPS
STARTED

To the Editor of The Press:
Why doesn't our government do something to get our manufacturers started? Our government should have control of them. Our factories are the key to prosperity. Put the men back in the shops and everybody will start to work. I believe the best way to help the farmer is to start the shops, then he will have a market for his produce. The factories are all waiting for orders, but how can they get them when no one has any money to buy?

I think the only way they can start is to have every shop in the United States begin at one time. With help from the government, I believe this can be done. This will give everyone a chance. Why couldn't they use an installment plan? The government sets a date and on this date every shop in the country should start up by putting 15 per cent of their men back to work. Then in two weeks another 15 per cent and so on until they have their full force.

I also believe that starting this way they could raise their pay back to what it used to be.

They would begin at eight hours a day, five days a week and it would be a long time before we would have over-production. People need everything and when they get money they are going to buy. And when they get their men all back to work, if they have over-production, instead of laying off men they should cut down their hours per day.

A. A. Wood
Untonville, O.
