To the Editor of The Press:
Won't you please get behind a movement to save our library system? It is even more necessary in these times than in good times.

My husband has been without a job for over two years and the library supplies us with books and music which are the only forms of recreation we have. We'd go insane (or Socialist) if we couldn't get reading material. Furthermore keeping only the main library open as has been suggested would not be doing much good because 66 per cent of the books circulated are through the branch libraries. The unemployed and the children who use the neighborhood libraries cannot spend 20 cents for carfare every time they need books.

You can spare lots of room in your pages for news of the beer bill, which is undoubtedly important, but there are a good many people in Cleveland who would rather have books than beer.

Your paper makes public opinion and this move to make our Ohio legislators give the libraries of the state their fair share of the new tax in intangibles will be a success if The Press uses its influence and emphasizes the fact that the library has reached the end and must close in June if something is not done very soon. Nina Grundman.

FISHERMEN PROTEST
CLOSING OF RIVERS

To the Editor of The Press:
The writers of this letter to you represent thousands of fishermen, taxpayers and voters, who desire to bring forth another side of Mr. Stinchcomb's order closing Rocky River fishing.

This, to us, seems arbitrary and discriminatory. Regardless of the merits or demerits of spring fishing in general, it is a fact that the state of Ohio did riot make it illegal to fish until May 1. Mr. Stinchcomb's ruling represents his own personal opinion and perhaps that of some other fishermen who do not exactly understand the true conditions. We, who fish Rocky River particularly, are most seriously affected by this ruling.

It is an obvious fact that even if this stream were closed, it would be of no direct benefit to the Metropolitan Park system, or to the fishermen of Cleveland at large. It would rather be a benefit to those people outside Cleveland who own property bordering migratory streams flowing into Lake Erie. Migratory streams, as you know, are streams which fish use during the spawning season and from which, at the completion of spawning, they return whence they came. Rocky River is one of these streams, and the fish that use it are products of Lake Erie. At the close of the spawning season they return either to the islands or to similar reefs in the lake.

Regarding the "slaughter of fish" to t which Mr. Stinchcomb refers, that e was due entirely to the faulty con- struction of the concrete ramp t across the river, which did not per- mit the fish to pass. Thanks to Mr. e Stinchcomb, this has been corrected, and the fish now have at least the same chance as they have in other rivers.

The idea, then, of not permitting Cleveland people to fish in their own public park in order to help the fishermen of Sandusky, Huron, Erie. Vermilion, etc., seems to us discriminatory, inasmuch as it has 1
yet to be proven that bass return
to spawn where they themselves
were spawned.

If it were a general thing
throughout the state to close all
streams to spring fishing, you would
find us among the most willing to
co-operate. Under the circum-
stances, however, we are naturally
unwilling to be deprived of the
sport which our own money helps
to buy and maintain.

You doubtless know that prop-
erty owners along the nearby mi-
gratory streams make a charge,
usually 50 cents, for the privilege
of fishing from their land. That is
fine for those who have the 50 cents
and the price of getting there, but
how about those who don't have it?
Why are they to be penalized by
one man's well-meaning but futile
gesture?
Edward V. Cook
14525 Alger road.
Harry Carlson
7925 Colgate avenue.

PRESUMING
DISABILITY

To the Editor of The Press:
Men of the Seventh Army Corps
(Spanish American War), were half
starved for one year. What little
food they had was mostly unfit for
human consumption. In this the
government was criminally negli-
gent.

Men of the Seventh Corps camped
on swampy ground near Jacksonville
for four months, until practically
three-fourths of them were ill with
typhoid, malaria and intestinal dis-
eases. Then, after the damage was
done, they were moved to higher
ground. This constituted criminal
neglect by the government.

Doubtless other units of the army
had the same experience.

Number of deaths of Spanish War
veterans in past 34 years exceeds
insurance actuarial figures for civi-
lians by 50 per cent.

Present death rate of Spanish
War veterans exceeded actuarial fig-
sures for civilians of same age by
70 per cent.

Presumption of Spanish War vet-
erans' disabilities being due to serv-
ice is, in view of these facts, only
fair.

Spanish War veterans whose dis-
abilities are due to and connected
with service, because of bad food,
fever infested camps and other
obvious conditions-just as directly
service-connected as though they
had been wounded by bullets, have
positively no way to prove that
their disability is service connected.

Medical inspection at time of
muster out was cursory. Yet, in order
to prove service connection, one must
have the evidence on his discharge
papers. Dr. Clement B. Edgar

WHY MARRIED
WOMEN ONLY?

To the Editor of The Press:
There has been much unsatisfac-
tory talk at School Board headquar-
ters about dismissing married teach-
ers. Where can this lead?

Why don't the leaders start sys-
tematically to investigate the situ-
ation instead of catching at loose
ends simply for something to talkabout? Why tackle married teach-
ers? All women who are married
don't fall into the same/class.
Couldn't this be a suggestive pro-
cedure for investigation?

Which teachers have an income
other than their salary? Which
teachers live out of town and con-
tribute nothing to the Cleveland
community? Which teachers are in-
capable of teaching? Which teach-
ers should be retired, having reached
the minimum pension age?
I am one of the graduates of the
School of Education, W. R. U. of the
class of '31. I worked last year as a
regular teacher on substitute pay.
This year to date I have substituted
35 days.

I need work and cannot live on
$175 a year.
I am one of many who would like
to see action, immediate, effective
and fair. What is going to be done?
Beatrice Smally

WANTS PAY CUT MORE,
GARBAGE CUT LESS

To the Editor of The Press:

We read in the Cleveland Heights
Press "The garbage collections in
Cleveland Heights have been cut
down from 10 to 6 routes."

The announcement of this won-
derful reduction by 40 per cent of
the garbage service by City Mana-
ger Harry Canfield and a statement
by Mayor Frank C. Cain, to the
effect that the city will save at least
$15,000, should justly entitle them
to the front page publicity they did
receive, were it not for the fact that
the "Official Family" and other em-
ployees have only taken a 20 per
cent cut.

How pleasant it would have been,
could all the other employees and
taxpayers in Cleveland Heights
have had the experience of our
mayor. In 1929 his salary was $3600,
in the fall of that year after the
"crash," the Council voted to in-
crease his compensation beginning
Jan. 1, 1930 to $6000 per annum,
later, when the cut of 20 per cent
was put into effect he received $1200
more than he did in the most
"foolish year" in our history.

Surely it is time for the smother-
ing "Fire of Wrath" in Cleveland
Heights to spring forth in the open,
that this "city on the hill" may be
come such in fact as well as in
name.
H. L. Jones.

YOUNG AMERICA
IS OUR FUTURE

To the Editor of The Press:

I have often wondered how many
people realize the stored up energy
in our young people, especially in
those who have a desire to accom-
plish something. Those young people
have not only the willingness to go
to work but to do big things that
are hidden in their minds, they will
get their opportunity in the near
future. We do not have to fear and
worry about our country going
backwards. There are not only food
and products stored away but en-
ergy in people, especially our young
people, to do great things. Young
America is the future of our coun-
try, their energy will not be lost and
all will benefit by it.
Louis Lingelbach
