Asks Change in Law Regarding Bank Trust Funds
Letters to the Editor-
To the Editor of The Press:
How many people who create irre-
vocable trusts for their dependents
realize that the laws of Ohio permit
the capital structure to be liquidated
in the event of the bank failing?
"Impossible!" says the average
man. "Trusts are a separate and
distinct part of the bank and are
treated quite differently."

Nevertheless, it is possible for a
portion, and perhaps under certain
circumstances the whole trust fund,
to be treated as a commercial de-
posit and subjected to the same re-
strictions. During the bank chaos
many people were suddenly con-
fronted with this and it is time to
come out in the open and make
clear certain facts.

Let us suppose an irrevocable trust
fund is created which, of course, au-
tomatically gives full powers to the
trust department to invest, sell, etc.
This fund will usually be invested
largely in government bonds, pre-
ferred stocks, and other legalized
trust investments. Supposing any or
all of the investments should be ma-
tured, the trust fund for an in-
definite period at the discretion of
the trust department, will be in
whole or part liquid. Supposing dur-
ing this period, the bank should sud-
denly cease payment or, as recently
happened, restrict payments, what
can happen under existing laws to
the cash on hand? Is it held in the
trust department for the trustor? It
is not; the whole thing is thrown
into the pot. Whatever the commer-
cial depositor receives, who incident-
ally has the right to withdraw his
money under normal circumstances
at a moment's notice, the tied-hand-
and-foot trustor will get the same.
Just this has been done by banks
recently and the rock-like security
which the husband or father felt
was in the trust department van-
ishes overnight.

One bank recently decided that
trust fund balances on hand could
not be honestly treated as a com-
mercial deposit yet the lawyers
shake their heads over the legality
of their action. Honesty and sincer-
ity of purpose of a bank in inter-
preting the word "trust" apparently
means nothing. The law says you
must fail in your trust and be virtu-
ally dishonest. Under the present
law, in the final analysis, a bank
which is desperate can legally liqui-
date an irrevocable trust fund and
have it on deposit ready for general
disposition in case of a run. The
word "trust" has suddenly a new
meaning and the existing laws are
responsible. The need for change is
obvious.

HOW PARKS
ARE RUN

To the Editor of The Press:
R. Cass.
Considering the timely and excel-
lent letter written by Mr. Charles
G. Irish, regarding the city parks, I
am prompted to write a few words
from my own experience.

For several years prior to Dec. 1,
1932, I had charge of a small city
cemetery Alger. City cemeteries
comprise a division of the Depart-
ment of Parks and Public Property.o
When I took charge of this cemetery a
it was the custom to rake up all
leaves and loose organic matter
each fall to be burnt. I started a
system of storing the leaves in a
pit, mixing in some good soil, sharp T
sand and, if possible, some commer-T
cial fertilizer or lime to aid in de-
composition. Some of this material c
was later used wherever a summer se
mulch seemed advisable, and the h
balance was thoroughly worked into p
our top soil pile just prior to the H
succeeding autumn rake-up. By this
means we increased materially our F
supply of friable, moisture-holding, e
reasonably rich top soil without y
much cost, as the labor of conserv- H
ing this organic matter is surely
not much greater than that required m
to destroy it.
W
In this cemetery there are a great C
many plantings of tulips and other
spring flowering bulbs and as most
of these are put in by lot-owners
their locations are not always defi-
nitely known
For this reason it was my custom
to allow fallen leaves to remain on
Bower beds and bare spots over win
ter. I never considered them more
unsightly than the bare spots of
earth which their removal would
'occasion.

ON OVER-ZEALOUSNESS

On Dec. 1, in the interests of the s
Democratic organization and in de-
flance of the spirit of civil service
regulations, I was laid off. This, in
spite of the fact that I had no po- C
litical backing when appointed, that
I broke into cemetery work as a
working, not nominal laborer, and c
that I was one of the few civil serv
ice employees who was obliged to
pass his examination before being 1
put on a salary basis. This in noc
way affects an individual's ability
to supervise the care of a cemetery
or a park, my voting has been pre-
dominantly Democratic heretofore.
Immediately after Dec. 1, I no-
ticed the development of a spirited
activity in the removal of the leaves
which I had purposely allowed to
remain on the cultivated spaces and
I was sorry to see that instead of
these being put on our pile they
were thrown on the refuse dumps to
be burned.
Just yesterday I noticed where
about two-thirds of the bulbs in a
shallow planting of tulips had been
heaved up and were lying on the I
surface of the ground because of
the temperature, variations of our
open winter.
Of course the covering of loose
leaves even carelessly spread would
have helped to prevent this upheaval
otherwise would probably have been a beautiful flower bed this spring. James T. Coughlin 16720 Bradgate avenue.

MIND IN
THE GUTTER?

To the Editor of The Press! In The Press of March 7, in the column written by the town's scavenger, Jack Raper, near the top he was commenting on the newspaper report that former President Hoover slept for 12 hours the first night that he was out of the White House, his comment was to the effect that Hoover slept for four years while he occupied the White House.

I understand why attempts are made to assassinate presidents and why crazed men run amuck in Cleveland and kill innocent men and women.

On the front page of your paper you carried a Bible quotation and on your editorial page you run the comments of a man whose mind is always in the gutter, a man who makes his money by attacking public officials all the way from the president down. If you think confidence will be restored with comments such as the one I refer to, go right ahead. I for one resent it and I have talked to other subscribers who feel the same way. Emil A. Greene. ►

WILL SOME
ONE EXPLAIN

To the Editor of The Press: As one of the million saps I wonder if I may get a hearing? You hear little from the common herd like myself, but we all go along like saps, and yet they call us educated as a nation. In your paper of Jan. 9, I see where a bill is up proposing a bounty for farmers reducing their production of wheat, etc., and to raise prices to pre-war levels.

Also it is stated there are 500,000 persons in the Kentucky and West Virginia mining fields in immediate need of food and clothing. Nine-tenth of the children are seriously undernourished. Does it not seem idiotic to pay somebody or farmers to cut down the crops while on the other hand you have 500,000 persons in one small area in need of the very thing the government seeks to have production reduced on?

Also on the other hand we are being taxed to death to keep our fellowmen alive. Will some technocrat, Democrat, or what have you, figure this out? H. Williams
